# FactSet.SDK.FactSetEstimates.Model.SegmentActualsRequest
Request object for requesting segment actuals.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Ids** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | Security or Entity identifiers. Accepted inputs include FactSet Identifiers, tickers, CUSIP, and SEDOL. &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Performance Note:&lt;/b&gt; Requests that increase the number of metrics or request long historical data may trigger the 30-second service timeout threshold. To ensure system stability and performance, please keep requests lightweight.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;If requesting long historical data, limit the history to &lt;b&gt;10 years per metric per ID&lt;/b&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;  | 
**Metrics** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | Requested metrics for segment actuals. An asterisk denotes metric items included for geographic segments. Note, the number of metrics you   are allowed to supply is limited to 1 for now. For more details, visit [Online Assistant Page #15034](https://oa.apps.factset.com/pages/15034).  &lt;h3&gt;Financial Metrics&lt;/h3&gt; |field|description| |- --|- --| |ASP|Average Selling Price| |ARR|Annual Recurring Revenue| |CAPEX|Capital Expenditures| |CCUR_GRTH*|Constant Currency Revenue Growth*| |COS*|Cost of Sales*| |CFO_GAAP|Chief Financial Officer (GAAP)| |DELIVERIES_UNITS|Deliveries Units| |EPS|Earnings Per Share| |EBIT*|Earnings Before Interest and Taxes*| |EBIT_REP|Earnings Before Interest and Taxes - Reported| |EBITDA*|Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization*| |EBITDA_REP|Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization - Reported| |G_A_EXP|General &amp; Admin Expense| |GROSS_INC*|Gross Income*| |GMV*|Gross Merchandise Volume*| |LCUR_GRTH*|Local Currency Revenue Growth*| |NET_ADDS|Net Adds| |NET_INC*|Net Profit*| |NET_SALES*|Net Sales*| |SUBSCRIBERS_NB*|Number of Subscribers*| |ORGANICGROWTH*|Organic Growth*| |PTX_INC|Pre-Tax Income| |RATEBASE*|Ratebase*| |AVGRATEBASE|Avg. Ratebase| |SALES*|Sales*| |SAMESTORESALES|Same Store Sales| |SGA|Selling, General &amp; Administrative Expenses| |S_M_EXP|Selling &amp; Marketing Expenses| |REV_TOT*|Total Revenues*|  &lt;h3&gt;Industry Metrics&lt;/h3&gt; |field|description| |- --|- --| |UNITS|Units| |NEW_ORDERS_VALUE*|Home Builders - New Orders Value*| |BACKLOG_VALUE|Home Builders - Backlog Value| |MCR|Hospitals - Medical Cost Ratio (%)| |CASH_COST|Mining - Cash Cost| |REAL_PRICE|Mining - Real Price| |DAU*|Social Media/Games - Daily Active Users*| |ARPU|Telecoms - Average Revenue Per User (ARPU)| |CONTR_PROF|Telecoms - Contribution Profit| |PAIDNADDS|Telecoms - Paid Net Adds|  | 
**SegmentType** | [**SegmentType**](SegmentType.md) |  | [optional] 
**RelativeFiscalStart** | **int** | Relative fiscal period, expressed as an integer, used to filter results. This is combined with the periodicity parameter to specify a relative estimate period. FactSet Estimates Actuals provides data for past periods. Therefore, the input for &#x60;relativeFiscalStart&#x60; must be an integer that is zero or less. For example, set to 0 and periodicity to ANN to ask for the current reported year (FY0). | [optional] 
**RelativeFiscalEnd** | **int** | Relative fiscal period, expressed as an integer, used to filter results. This is combined with the periodicity parameter to specify a relative estimate period.Therefore, the input for &#x60;relativeFiscalEnd&#x60; must be an integer that is zero or less. For example, set to -2 and periodicity to ANN to ask for two fiscal years before the latest (FY-2). | [optional] 
**Periodicity** | [**Periodicity**](Periodicity.md) |  | [optional] 
**Currency** | **string** | Currency code for adjusting the data. Use input as &#39;ESTIMATE&#39; for values in Estimate currency. For a list of currency ISO codes, visit [Online Assistant Page #1470](https://oa.apps.factset.com/pages/1470). | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

