# InlineResponse2004Data


## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id_notation** | **str, none_type** | Identifier of the notation. | [optional] 
**source_identifier** | **str, none_type** | Identifier used in the request. | [optional] 
**prices** | [**InlineResponse2004DataPrices**](InlineResponse2004DataPrices.md) |  | [optional] 
**currency** | [**InlineResponse2004DataCurrency**](InlineResponse2004DataCurrency.md) |  | [optional] 
**delta** | **float, none_type** | Ask-based delta. It represents the first partial derivative of the function             determining the option&#39;s theoretical price with respect to the underlying level, evaluated             at the underlying level. Delta indicates the ratio of the absolute change of the             price of an option for an indefinitely small absolute change in the underlying             level, thus it represents the price sensitivity of the option relative to changes in             the underlying level.              | [optional] 
**omega** | **float, none_type** | Ask-based omega. It represents delta (see attribute &#x60;delta&#x60;) multiplied with theleverage (see attribute &#x60;leverage&#x60;), both calculated based on the ask price of theoption. Omega indicates the elasticity of the option&#39;s price regarding the underlyinglevel. | [optional] 
**theta_one_week** | **float, none_type** | Ask-based weekly theta. It represents the first partial derivative of the             function determining the option&#39;s theoretical price with respect to the residual term,             evaluated at the current residual term and multiplied by 7/365. Weekly theta indicates             the absolute change (decrease) of the price of an option for a reduction of the             residual term by one week (seven calendar days), thus it represents the price             sensitivity of the option relative to changes in the residual term.              | [optional] 
**vega** | **float, none_type** | Ask-based vega. It represents the first partial derivative of the function             determining the option&#39;s theoretical price with respect to the implied volatility,             evaluated at the current implied volatility. Vega indicates the ratio of the absolute             change of the price of an option for an absolute change of the implied volatility,             thus it represents the price sensitivity of the option relative to changes in the             implied volatility.              | [optional] 
**gamma** | **float, none_type** | Ask-based gamma. It represents the second partial derivative of the function determining the option&#39;s theoretical price with respect to the underlying level, evaluated at the current underlying level. Gamma indicates the rate of change of the option&#39;s delta (see attribute &#x60;delta&#x60;) with respect to the underlying level. | [optional] 
**rho** | **float, none_type** | Ask-based rho. It represents the first partial derivative of the function              determining the option&#39;s theoretical price with respect to the risk-free interest rate,              evaluated at the current risk-free interest rate. Rho indicates the ratio of the absolute              change of the price of an option for an absolute change of the risk-free interest rate,              thus it represents the price sensitivity of the option relative to changes in the risk-free              interest rate.The key figure is shown in one basis point change. | [optional] 
**break_even** | **float, none_type** | Break even point based on the ask price. It represents the underlying level that has to be reached at maturity, such that no loss or profit occurs for the holder of the option. For the value unit, see attribute &#x60;currency&#x60;. | [optional] 
**theoretical_value** | **float, none_type** | Estimate for the value of an option according to the option&#39;s pricing model (such as Black-Scholes). The parameters for the pricing model (e.g. interest rate, dividend yield, currency cross-rate etc.) use the current market values. For the historic volatility of the underlying, the time span refers to the remaining term to maturity of the option. The historic volatility that is closest to the remaining term is chosen. For example, for a remaining term of 14 months, the 1-year volatility is used, whereas for 19 months, the 2-year volatility. Note that the theoretical value does not depend on the option&#39;s price, but the value is in the option&#39;s value unit, see attribute &#x60;currency&#x60;. | [optional] 
**implied_volatility** | **float, none_type** | Ask-based implied volatility. It represents the volatility of the underlying             that justifies the ask price of the option, when used as a parameter in the             option&#39;s pricing model (such as Black-Scholes). Its value is a result of the pricing             process, thus it represents the annual volatility of the underlying expected by the             market participants until maturity of the option.              | [optional] 
**intrinsic_value** | **float, none_type** | Intrinsic value. It represents the difference between the underlying level and             the strike of the option, adjusted for the currency cross rate. If the difference             is negative, the intrinsic value is given as 0. The intrinsic value represents             the theoretical profit from an immediate exercise of the option.              | [optional] 
**leverage** | **float, none_type** | Ask-based leverage. It represents the ratio of the underlying level to the ask             price of the option, adjusted for the currency cross rate.              | [optional] 
**moneyness** | **float, none_type** | Ratio of the current underlying level to the strike of an option. For calls,             it is current underlying level divided by the strike. For puts, it is strike             divided by the current underlying level. It measures the degree to which an option is             in-the-money (moneyness &gt; 1) or out-of-the-money (moneyness &lt; 1). If moneyness &#x3D; 1, the             option is at-the-money.              | [optional] 
**parity** | **float, none_type** | Parity. It represents the difference between the underlying level and the             strike of the option, adjusted for the currency cross rate. Negative values are             possible. It is the gain or loss that would result from the immediate exercise of an             already present option and a simultaneously executed compensation transaction on the             spot markets.              | [optional] 
**time_value** | **float, none_type** | Ask-based time value. It represents the difference between the ask price ofthe option and its intrinsic value (see attribute &#x60;intrinsicValue&#x60;). | [optional] 
**any string name** | **bool, date, datetime, dict, float, int, list, str, none_type** | any string name can be used but the value must be the correct type | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


