# FactSet.SDK.FactSetESG.Model.TvlScoresRequestBody
TVL Scores Request Body

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Ids** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | Security or Entity identifiers. FactSet Identifiers, tickers, CUSIP and SEDOL are accepted input. &lt;p&gt;***ids limit** &#x3D;  1000 per request*&lt;/p&gt; *&lt;p&gt;Make note, GET Method URL request lines are also limited to a total length of 8192 bytes (8KB). In cases where the service allows for thousands of ids, which may exceed this request line limit of 8KB, its advised for any requests with large request lines to be requested through the respective \&quot;POST\&quot; method.&lt;/p&gt;*  | 
**ScoreType** | **string** | The FactSet Truvalue Score types being requested. Score Types include the Pulse, Insight, Momentum, Article Volume, Category Volume, Dynamic Materiality Score, Adjusted Insight, and Industry Percentile. When left blank &#x60;Ranks&#x60; score type will be returned for the requested Id. &lt;p&gt;These scores use the same underlying data and 100-point scale, except for ranks. The cognitive computing system behind FactSet&#39;s Truvalue Platform uses natural language processing to interpret semantic content and generate analytics. It does so by applying criteria that are consistent with established sustainability and SASB frameworks, scoring data points on performance using a 0 to 100 scale. A score of 50 represents a neutral impact. Scores above 50 indicate positive performance, and scores below reflect negative performance. &lt;br&gt;**Note** : Only one score type can be queried per request.&lt;/p&gt; ### Truvalue Score Types  |**Truvalue Score Type Input**|**Description**| |- --|- --| |**PULSE**|*Pulse Score* is a measure of near-term performance changes that highlights opportunities and controversies, enabling real-time monitoring of companies.| |**PULSE_PCTL**|*Pulse Percentile* offers context on company Pulse Scores relative to peers in the same SICS Industry.| |**INSIGHT**|*Insight Score* a measure of a company’s longer-term ESG track record.| |**INSIGHT_PCTL**|*Insight Percentile* offers context on company Insight Scores relative to peers in the same SICS Industry **(NOT VALID for TOPLEVEL(i.e., &#x60;ALLCATEGORIES&#x60; and &#x60;MATERIALITY&#x60; fields)).**| |**MOMENTUM**|*Momentum Score* measures the trend of a company&#39;s Insight score, over a trailing twelve month period.| |**DYN_MATERIALITY**|*Dynamic Materiality Score*, shows the percentage value of data flow by category compared with the total data flow for the organization **(NOT VALID for TOPLEVEL(i.e., &#x60;ALLCATEGORIES&#x60; and &#x60;MATERIALITY&#x60; fields)).**| |**ARTVOL_DAY**|*Article Volume Score* measures the information flow or number of articles about a company on daily basis.| |**CATVOL_DAY**|*Category Volume Score* returns the total number of times any of the 26 categories received on a daily basis.| |**ARTVOL_TTM**|*Article Volume Score* measures the information flow or number of articles about a company over the past 12 months.| |**CATVOL_TTM**|*Category Volume Score* returns the total number of times any of the 26 categories received a score over a trailing twelve-month (TTM) period of time.| |**ARTVOL_TOT**|*The Article Volume Score* for all 26 SASB Categories, measures the information flow or number of articles for a company throughout the entire history.| |**CATVOL_TOT**|*The Category Volume Score* for all 26 SASB Categories, measures the information flow or number of category tags for a company throughout the entire history.| |**RANKS**|Indicates if a company is a Leader, Above Average, Average, Below Average, or a Laggard; directly mapping from Industry Percentiles (request IND_PCTL in scores endpoints). &lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; **ADJ_INSIGHT** *Adjusted Insight* scores which measure a company&#39;s SASB performance, generating scores for lower volume and zero-volume firms by blending company scores with industry medians.  **(ONLY VALID for TOPLEVEL(i.e.,&#x60;ALLCATEGORIES&#x60; and &#x60;MATERIALITY&#x60; categories)).** &lt;p&gt; **Adjusted Insight Score &#x3D; (# of articles / 5) x Company Insight Score + ((5 - # of articles) / 5) x Industry (or Sector) Median Insight Score  .&lt;p&gt; &lt;br&gt; **IND_PCTL** *Industry Percentiles* to gauge  Adjusted Insight scores relative to peers and easy to  decipher fields ranking companies from Laggards to Leaders.  **(ONLY VALID for TOPLEVEL(i.e.,&#x60;ALLCATEGORIES&#x60; and &#x60;MATERIALITY&#x60; categories)).** &lt;p&gt; Mapping of Ranks to Industry Percentile Ranges is as follows -                      Rank           | Industry Percentile Range                      - -- -- -- -- -- -- - | - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --                      Leader         | 90 - 100                                       Above Average  | 70 - 89.9                                      Average        | 30 - 69.9                                      Below Average  | 10 - 29.9                                      Laggard        | 0 - 9.9    | [optional] [default to "RANKS"]
**Fields** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | Request available Scores data fields to be included in the response.  Default is all fields and the available options are:&lt;br&gt; TOPLEVEL, PILLARS, DIMENSIONS, SASBCATEGORIES, TOPLEVEL AND PILLARS, TOPLEVEL AND SASBCATEGORIES.   ### Truvalue Fields |**Truvalue Fields Inputs**|**Description**| |- --|- --| |**TOPLEVEL**| This category represents a comprehensive overview of a company&#39;s Truvalue Score by integrating two key perspectives: ALLCATEGORIES and MATERIALITY.| ||**ALLCATEGORIES**  represents a company&#39;s overall Truvalue Score for the specific &#39;scoreType&#39;. This value is equal to the cumulative average of all 26 SASB categories for the specific &#39;scoreType&#39;. **Note** that category is not available for the Dynamic Materiality &#39;scoreType&#39;. ||**MATERIALITY**  represents a composite score of all &#39;material&#39; SASB categories for the given entity.| |**PILLARS**| Pillars are high-level categorizations of **Environmental, Social, and Governance** factors used to organize and group the 26 SASB categories. The three main pillars are Environmental, Social, and Governance. Each pillar encompasses several SASB categories that are thematically related. Pillars provide a broad framework for understanding and assessing a company&#39;s SASB performance and risks across these three fundamental areas.| |**DIMENSIONS**|Dimensions offer a more nuanced classification system for the 26 SASB categories, breaking them down into five distinct areas: **Environment, Business Model and Innovation, Human Capital, Leadership and Governance, and Social Capital**. This framework provides a more detailed and comprehensive view of a company&#39;s sustainability related activities, allowing for a more granular analysis of performance and risk across these five key dimensions of business operations and impact.| |**SASBCATEGORIES**| The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) has developed a comprehensive set of 26 sustainability-related business topics, often referred to as general sustainability issues. These categories are integral to SASB&#39;s Materiality Map, which identifies the Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) issues most likely to be material for companies across different industries. The categories span crucial areas such as Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Air Quality, Energy Management, Water and Waste Management, Ecological Impacts, Human Rights, Labor Practices, Product Safety, Data Security, Business Ethics, and Systemic Risk Management, among others. Each category is crafted to capture specific sustainability risks and opportunities that may impact a company&#39;s financial condition, operating performance, or risk profile. By providing a standardized framework and leveraging the Materiality Map, SASB facilitates more effective communication between companies and investors regarding the sustainability matters most pertinent to financial performance. |  | [optional] 
**StartDate** | **DateTime** | The start date requested for a given date range in **YYYY-MM-DD** format. Data is available on a Fiscal Annual periodicity, but updated Daily. If left blank, the API will default to previous close. Future dates (T+1) are not accepted in this endpoint.  | [optional] 
**EndDate** | **DateTime** | The end date requested for a given date range in **YYYY-MM-DD** format. Data is available on a Fiscal Annual periodicity, but updated Daily. If left blank, the API will default to previous close. Future dates (T+1) are not accepted in this endpoint.  | [optional] 
**Frequency** | **Frequency** |  | [optional] 
**Calendar** | **Calendar** |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

