# factsetesg.SpotlightsApi

All URIs are relative to *https://api.factset.com/content*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**getSasbSpotlights**](SpotlightsApi.md#getSasbSpotlights) | **GET** /factset-esg/v1/sasb-spotlights | Gets Spotlight data for the most important positive and negative ESG events to enable timely and systematic trading strategies and portfolio management
[**getSasbSpotlightsForList**](SpotlightsApi.md#getSasbSpotlightsForList) | **POST** /factset-esg/v1/sasb-spotlights | Gets Spotlight data for the most important positive and negative ESG events to enable timely and systematic trading strategies and portfolio management
[**getSdgSpotlights**](SpotlightsApi.md#getSdgSpotlights) | **GET** /factset-esg/v1/sdg-spotlights | Gets Spotlight data for the most important positive and negative ESG events to enable timely and systematic trading strategies and portfolio management
[**getSdgSpotlightsForList**](SpotlightsApi.md#getSdgSpotlightsForList) | **POST** /factset-esg/v1/sdg-spotlights | Gets Spotlight data for the most important positive and negative ESG events to enable timely and systematic trading strategies and portfolio management



## getSasbSpotlights

> SpotlightsResponse getSasbSpotlights(ids, startDate, endDate, opts)

Gets Spotlight data for the most important positive and negative ESG events to enable timely and systematic trading strategies and portfolio management

FactSet ESG by Truvalue Labs’ Spotlight Data solutions are a daily collection of the most important positive and negative ESG events detected by our algorithms, with a variety of quantitative metadata to enable timely and systematic trading strategies and portfolio management. Qualitive informational data points such as the headline and key bullet points for articles is also included.  

### Example

```javascript
const { ApiClient, SpotlightsApi } = require('@factset/sdk-factsetesg');
const { ConfidentialClient } = require('@factset/sdk-utils');

const apiClient = ApiClient.instance;

// Examples for each supported authentication method are below,
// choose one that satisfies your use case.

// (Preferred) OAuth 2.0: FactSetOAuth2
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk#oauth-20
// for information on how to create the app-config.json file
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk-utils-typescript#authentication
// for more information on using the ConfidentialClient class
apiClient.factsetOauth2Client = new ConfidentialClient('/path/to/app-config.json');

// Basic authentication: FactSetApiKey
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk#api-key
// for information how to create an API key
// const FactSetApiKey = apiClient.authentications['FactSetApiKey'];
// FactSetApiKey.username = 'USERNAME-SERIAL';
// FactSetApiKey.password = 'API-KEY';

const apiInstance = new SpotlightsApi();
const ids = ["AAPL-USA"]; // [String] | Security or Entity identifiers. FactSet Identifiers, tickers, CUSIP and SEDOL are accepted input. <p>***ids limit** =  1500 per request*</p> *<p>Make note, GET Method URL request lines are also limited to a total  length of 8192 bytes (8KB). In cases where the service allows for thousands of ids, which may lead to exceeding this request line limit of 8KB, its advised for any requests with large request lines to be requested through the respective \"POST\" method.</p>* 
const startDate = 2021-01-01; // String | The start date requested for a given date range in YYYY-MM-DD format. The input start date must be before the input end date. Future dates (T+1) are not accepted in this endpoint. 
const endDate = 2021-10-30; // String | The end date requested for a given date range in YYYY-MM-DD format. The input end date must be after the input start date. Future dates (T+1) are not accepted in this endpoint. 
const opts = {
  'fields': ["null"], // [String] | Request available SASB Spotlights data fields to be included in the response.  Default is all fields. _fsymId_,_orgId_, _date_, _spotlightId_, _groupId_ and _requestId_ are always included.    <h3>Common Fields</h3>    |field|description|   |---|---|   |fsymId|Factset Regional Security Identifier|   |orgId|Unique identifier assigned by Truvalue that is applied on an organization level |             |date|Date for the period requested in YYYY-MM-DD format.|   |spotlightId|Unique identifier identifying a Spotlight ESG event that is detected at the company level, within a single category.|   |groupId|Unique identifier  identifying a Spotlight group using the Spotlight ID of the Primary Spotlight.|   |requestId|Identifier that was used for the request.|     <h3>SASB Spotlights Fields</h3>     |field|description|   |---|---|   |orgName|The current name of the organization (not point-in-time)|   |primarySpotlight|Y/N value indicating the primary Spotlight in a Spotlight Group.|   |spotlightCategory|SASB category tagged to each Spotlight.|   |materialCategory|Indicates if the category is material for the organization based on SASBs Materiality Map|   |status|Indicates status of a spotlight, which can be one of Completed or Ongoing.|   |removed|Displays the date a Spotlight was removed from the dataset, if it has been removed.|   |startDate|Date when a Spotlight has met the volume threshold for Spotlight consideration. Score and volume change metadata are associated with this date.|   |liveDate|Date when a Spotlight meets confidence threshold and is considered a Spotlight. This date should never precede start date|   |firstArticleDate|Date of earliest article in the Spotlight as of the Start Date.|   |finalArticleDate|Date of final article in the Spotlight. This value can change over the course of the Spotlight until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|   |organizationVolumeThreshold|The article volume needed to create a Spotlight, as set by the company's overall volume level classification on the Start Date.|   |totalSpotlightVolume|Total number of articles in the Spotlight. This number will change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|   |startDateVolume|Number of articles in the Spotlight on the Start Date when it met the volume threshold. Does not include the number of articles that were added to the Spotlight after the Spotlight Start Date.|   |primaryArticleSource|Source of the primary article.|   |primaryArticleUrl|URL of the primary article.|   |primaryArticleHeadline|Headline of primary Spotlight article.|   |primaryArticleBulletpoints|Bullet points summarizing the primary article.|   |meanArtScoreFinalDate|Average score of articles in Spotlight on Final Article Date. This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|   |meanArtScoreStartDate|Average score of articles in Spotlight on Start Date. This score will not change throughout the history of the spotlight.|   |meanPulseScore|Average of pulse scores for each day from First Article Date to Final Article Date, including scores for both Start Date and Final Article Date.|   |pulseBeforeFirstArticle|Pulse score for category at end-of-day on day before the First Article Date|   |pulseOnFinalArticleDate|Pulse score for category at the end-of-day on the Final Article Date.|   |pulseOnStartDate|Pulse score for the category at the end-of-day on the Start Date.|   |zScoreOnFinalDate|Z-score for Spotlight as of Final Article Date. This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|   |zScoreOnStartDate|Z-score for Spotlight as of Start Date. This score will not change throughout the history of the spotlight.|   |standoutLvlOnFinalDate|Describes if the spotlight is a High, Medium, or Low standout spotlight.  This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|   |standoutLvlOnStartDate|Describes if the spotlight is a High, Medium, or Low standout spotlight.| 
  'categories': ["AIRQUALITY","BUSINESSETHICS","HUMANRIGHTSANDCOMRELS"], // [String] | The SASB Categories requested for the respective scoreType(s). The default value is **ALLCATEGORIES**, which represents all 26 categories in a single overall score. To request a specifc category or list of categories, simply input the category names below.   ### SASB Categories |**SASB Category Inputs**|**Description**| |---|---| |**ALLCATEGORIES**|**All Categories** - this category represents a company's overall SASB Score for the specific 'scoreType'. This value is equal to the cumulative average of all 26 SASB categories for the specific 'scoreType'.*Note that category is not available for the Dynamic Materiality 'scoreType'.| |**ACCESSANDAFFORDABILITY**|**Access and Affordability** - The category addresses a company's ability to ensure broad access to its products and services, specifically in the context of underserved markets and/or population groups. It includes the management of issues related to universal needs, such as the accessibility and affordability of health care, financial services, utilities , education, and telecommunications.| |**AIRQUALITY**|**Air Quality** - the category addresses management of air quality impacts resulting from stationary (e.g., factories, power plants) and mobile sources (e.g., trucks, delivery vehicles, planes) as well as industrial emissions. Relevant airborne pollutants include, but are not limited to, oxides of nitrogen (NOx), oxides of sulfur (SOx), volatile organic compounds (VOCs), heavy metals, particulate matter, and chlorofluorocarbons. The category does not include GHG emissions, which are addressed in a separate category.| |**BUSINESSETHICS**|**Business Ethics** - the category addresses the company's approach to managing risks and opportunities surrounding ethical conduct of business, including fraud, corruption, bribery and facilitation payments, fiduciary responsibilities, and other behavior that may have an ethical component. This includes sensitivity to business norms and standards as they shift over time, jurisdiction, and culture. It addresses the company's ability to provide services that satisfy the highest professional and ethical standards of the industry, which means to avoid conflicts of interest, misrepresentation, bias, and negligence through training employees adequately and implementing policies and procedures to ensure employees provide services free from bias and error.| |**BUSMODELRESILIENCE**|**Business Model Resilience** - the category addresses an industry's capacity to manage risks and opportunities associated with incorporating social, environmental, and political transitions into long-term business model planning. This includes responsiveness to the transition to a low-carbon and climate-constrained economy, as well as growth and creation of new markets among unserved and underserved socioeconomic populations. The category highlights industries in which evolving environmental and social realities may challenge companies to fundamentally adapt or may put their business models at risk.| |**COMPETITIVEBEHAVIOR**|**Competitive Behavior** - the category covers social issues associated with existence of monopolies, which may include, but are not limited to, excessive prices, poor quality of service, and inefficiencies. It addresses a company's management of legal and social expectation around monopolistic and anti-competitive practices, including issues related to bargaining power, collusion, price fixing or manipulation, and protection of patents and intellectual property (IP).| |**CRITINCIDENTRISKMGT**|**Critical Incident Risk Management** - the category addresses the company's use of management systems and scenario planning to identify, understand, and prevent or minimize the occurrence of low-probability, high-impact accidents and emergencies with significant potential environmental and social externalities. It relates to the culture of safety at a company, its relevant safety management systems and technological controls, the potential human, environmental, and social implications of such events occurring, and the long-term effects to an organization, its workers, and society should these events occur.| |**CUSTOMERPRIVACY**|**Customer Privacy** - the category addresses management of risks related to the use of personally identifiable information (PII) and other customer or user data for secondary purposes including but not limited to marketing through affiliates and non-affiliates. The scope of the category includes social issues that may arise from a company's approach to collecting data, obtaining consent (e.g., opt-in policies), managing user and customer expectations regarding how their data is used, and managing evolving regulation. It excludes social issues arising from cybersecurity risks, which are covered in a separate category.| |**CUSTWELFARE**|**Customer Welfare** - the category addresses customer welfare concerns over issues including, but not limited to, health and nutrition of foods and beverages, antibiotic use in animal production, and management of controlled substances. The category addresses the company's ability to provide consumers with manufactured products and services that are aligned with societal expectations. It does not include issues directly related to quality and safety malfunctions of manufactured products and services, but instead addresses qualities inherent to the design and delivery of products and services where customer welfare may be in question. The scope of the category also captures companies' ability to prevent counterfeit products.| |**DATASECURITY**|**Data Security** - the category addresses management of risks related to collection, retention, and use of sensitive, confidential, and/or proprietary customer or user data. It includes social issues that may arise from incidents such as data breaches in which personally identifiable information (PII) and other user or customer data may be exposed. It addresses a company's strategy, policies, and practices related to IT infrastructure, staff training, record keeping, cooperation with law enforcement, and other mechanisms used to ensure security of customer or user data.| |**ECOLOGICALIMPACTS**|**Ecological Impacts** - the category addresses management of the company's impacts on ecosystems and biodiversity through activities including, but not limited to, land use for exploration, natural resource extraction, and cultivation, as well as project development, construction, and siting. The impacts include, but are not limited to, biodiversity loss, habitat destruction, and deforestation at all stages – planning, land acquisition, permitting, development, operations, and site remediation. The category does not cover impacts of climate change on ecosystems and biodiversity.| |**EMPENGDIVANDINC**|**Employee Engagement Diversity and Inclusion** - the category addresses a company's ability to ensure that its culture and hiring and promotion practices embrace the building of a diverse and inclusive workforce that reflects the makeup of local talent pools and its customer base. It addresses the issues of discriminatory practices on the bases of race, gender, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, and other factors.| |**EMPHEALTHANDSAFETY**|**Employee Health and Safety** - the category addresses a company's ability to create and maintain a safe and healthy workplace environment that is free of injuries, fatalities, and illness (both chronic and acute). It is traditionally accomplished through implementing safety management plans, developing training requirements for employees and contractors, and conducting regular audits of their own practices as well as those of their subcontractors. The category further captures how companies ensure physical and mental health of workforce through technology, training, corporate culture, regulatory compliance, monitoring and testing, and personal protective equipment.| |**ENERGYMGT**|**Energy Management** - the category addresses environmental impacts associated with energy consumption. It addresses the company's management of energy in manufacturing and/or for provision of products and services derived from utility providers (grid energy) not owned or controlled by the company. More specifically, it includes management of energy efficiency and intensity, energy mix, as well as grid reliance. Upstream (e.g., suppliers) and downstream (e.g., product use) energy use is not included in the scope.| |**GHGEMISSIONS**|**Greenhouse Gas Emissions** - the category addresses direct (Scope 1) greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions that a company generates through its operations. This includes GHG emissions from stationary (e.g., factories, power plants) and mobile sources (e.g., trucks, delivery vehicles, planes), whether a result of combustion of fuel or non-combusted direct releases during activities such as natural resource extraction, power generation, land use, or biogenic processes. The category further includes management of regulatory risks, environmental compliance, and reputational risks and opportunities, as they related to direct GHG emissions. The seven GHGs covered under the Kyoto Protocol are included within the category— carbon dioxide (CO2 ), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs), sulfur hexafluoride (SF6), and nitrogen trifluoride (NF3).| |**HUMANRIGHTSANDCOMRELS**|**Human Rights and Community Relations** - the category addresses management of the relationship between businesses and the communities in which they operate, including, but not limited to, management of direct and indirect impacts on core human rights and the treatment of indigenous peoples. More specifically, such management may cover socio-economic community impacts, community engagement, environmental justice, cultivation of local workforces, impact on local businesses, license to operate, and environmental/social impact assessments. The category does not include environmental impacts such as air pollution or waste which, although they may impact the health and safety of members of local communities, are addressed in separate categories.| |**LABORPRACTICES**|**Labor Practices** - the category addresses the company's ability to uphold commonly accepted labor standards in the workplace, including compliance with labor laws and internationally accepted norms and standards. This includes, but is not limited to, ensuring basic human rights related to child labor, forced or bonded labor, exploitative labor, fair wages and overtime pay, and other basic workers' rights. It also includes minimum wage policies and provision of benefits, which may influence how a workforce is attracted, retained, and motivated. The category further addresses a company's relationship with organized labor and freedom of association.| |**MGTOFLEGALANDREGENV**|**Management of the Legal and Regulatory Environment** - the category addresses a company's approach to engaging with regulators in cases where conflicting corporate and public interests may have the potential for long-term adverse direct or indirect environmental and social impacts. The category addresses a company's level of reliance upon regulatory policy or monetary incentives (such as subsidies and taxes), actions to influence industry policy (such as through lobbying), overall reliance on a favorable regulatory environment for business competitiveness, and ability to comply with relevant regulations. It may relate to the alignment of management and investor views of regulatory engagement and compliance at large.| |**MATSOURCINGANDEFF**|**Materials Sourcing and Efficiency** - the category addresses issues related to the resilience of materials supply chains to impacts of climate change and other external environmental and social factors. It captures the impacts of such external factors on operational activity of suppliers, which can further affect availability and pricing of key resources. It addresses a company's ability to manage these risks through product design, manufacturing, and end-of-life management, such as by using of recycled and renewable materials, reducing the use of key materials (dematerialization), maximizing resource efficiency in manufacturing, and making R&D investments in substitute materials. Additionally, companies can manage these issues by screening, selection, monitoring, and engagement with suppliers to ensure their resilience to external risks. It does not address issues associated with environmental and social externalities created by operational activity of individual suppliers, which is covered in a separate category.| |**MATERIALITY**|**Materiality** - this category represents a composite score of all 'material' SASB categories for the given entity. For more information on SASB's Materiality Map, visit [materiality.sasb.org](https://materiality.sasb.org/)| |**PHYIMPACTSOFCLIMATECHG**|**Physical Impacts of Climate Change** - the category addresses the company's ability to manage risks and opportunities associated with direct exposure of its owned or controlled assets and operations to actual or potential physical impacts of climate change. It captures environmental and social issues that may arise from operational disruptions due to physical impacts of climate change. It further captures socioeconomic issues resulting from companies failing to incorporate climate change consideration in products and services sold, such as insurance policies and mortgages. The category relates to the company's ability to adapt to increased frequency and severity of extreme weather, shifting climate, sea level risk, and other expected physical impacts of climate change. Management may involve enhancing resiliency of physical assets and/or surrounding infrastructure as well as incorporation of climate change-related considerations into key business activities (e.g., mortgage and insurance underwriting, planning and development of real estate projects).| |**PDANDLIFECYCLEMGT**|**Product Design and Lifecycle Management** - the category addresses incorporation of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) considerations in characteristics of products and services provided or sold by the company. It includes, but is not limited to, managing the lifecycle impacts of products and services, such as those related to packaging, distribution, use-phase resource intensity, and other environmental and social externalities that may occur during their use-phase or at the end of life. The category captures a company's ability to address customer and societal demand for more sustainable products and services as well as to meet evolving environmental and social regulation. It does not address direct environmental or social impacts of the company's operations nor does it address health and safety risks to consumers from product use, which are covered in other categories.| |**PRODQUALITYANDSFTY**|**Product Quality and Safety** - the category addresses issues involving unintended characteristics of products sold or services provided that may create health or safety risks to end-users. It addresses a company's ability to offer manufactured products and/or services that meet customer expectations with respect to their health and safety characteristics. It includes, but is not limited to, issues involving liability, management of recalls and market withdrawals, product testing, and chemicals/content/ ingredient management in products.| |**SELLPRACANDPRODLABEL**|**Selling Practices and Product Labeling** - the category addresses social issues that may arise from a failure to manage the transparency, accuracy, and comprehensibility of marketing statements, advertising, and labeling of products and services. It includes, but is not limited to, advertising standards and regulations, ethical and responsible marketing practices, misleading or deceptive labeling, as well as discriminatory or predatory selling and lending practices. This may include deceptive or aggressive selling practices in which incentive structures for employees could encourage the sale of products or services that are not in the best interest of customers or clients.| |**SUPPLYCHAINMGT**|**Supply Chain Management** - the category addresses management of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) risks within a company's supply chain. It addresses issues associated with environmental and social externalities created by suppliers through their operational activities. Such issues include, but are not limited to, environmental responsibility, human rights, labor practices, and ethics and corruption. Management may involve screening, selection, monitoring, and engagement with suppliers on their environmental and social impacts. The category does not address the impacts of external factors – such as climate change and other environmental and social factors – on suppliers' operations and/or on the availability and pricing of key resources, which is covered in a separate category.| |**SYSTEMICRISKMGT**|**Systemic Risk Management** - the category addresses the company's contributions to, or management of systemic risks resulting from large-scale weakening or collapse of systems upon which the economy and society depend. This includes financial systems, natural resource systems, and technological systems. It addresses the mechanisms a company has in place to reduce its contributions to systemic risks and to improve safeguards that may mitigate the impacts of systemic failure. For financial institutions, the category also captures the company's ability to absorb shocks arising from financial and economic stress and meet stricter regulatory requirements related to the complexity and interconnectedness of companies in the industry.| |**WASTEANDHZRDMATSMGT**|**Waste and Hazardous Materials Management** - the category addresses environmental issues associated with hazardous and non-hazardous waste generated by companies. It addresses a company's management of solid wastes in manufacturing, agriculture, and other industrial processes. It covers treatment, handling, storage, disposal, and regulatory compliance. The category does not cover emissions to air or wastewater, nor does it cover waste from end-of-life of products, which are addressed in separate categories.| |**WATERANDWASTEWATERMGT**|**Water and Wastewater Management** - the category addresses a company's water use, water consumption, wastewater generation, and other impacts of operations on water resources, which may be influenced by regional differences in the availability and quality of and competition for water resources. More specifically, it addresses management strategies including, but not limited to, water efficiency, intensity, and recycling. Lastly, the category also addresses management of wastewater treatment and discharge, including groundwater and aquifer pollution.| 
  'primaryOnly': true, // Boolean | This parameter would return only primary spotlights when set to `true` 
  'isRemoved': false // Boolean | This parameter would return the spotlights removed in the response(i.e. Spotlight is marked as Rejected but has a firstApprovedOnDate))when set to `true` Only Spotlights that are marked as approved will be returned when set to `false` 
};

// Call api endpoint
apiInstance.getSasbSpotlights(ids, startDate, endDate, opts).then(
  data => {

    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data:');
    console.log(data);
  },
  error => {
    console.error(error);
  },
);

```


### Parameters


Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **ids** | [**[String]**](String.md)| Security or Entity identifiers. FactSet Identifiers, tickers, CUSIP and SEDOL are accepted input. &lt;p&gt;***ids limit** &#x3D;  1500 per request*&lt;/p&gt; *&lt;p&gt;Make note, GET Method URL request lines are also limited to a total  length of 8192 bytes (8KB). In cases where the service allows for thousands of ids, which may lead to exceeding this request line limit of 8KB, its advised for any requests with large request lines to be requested through the respective \&quot;POST\&quot; method.&lt;/p&gt;*  | 
 **startDate** | **String**| The start date requested for a given date range in YYYY-MM-DD format. The input start date must be before the input end date. Future dates (T+1) are not accepted in this endpoint.  | 
 **endDate** | **String**| The end date requested for a given date range in YYYY-MM-DD format. The input end date must be after the input start date. Future dates (T+1) are not accepted in this endpoint.  | 
 **fields** | [**[String]**](String.md)| Request available SASB Spotlights data fields to be included in the response.  Default is all fields. _fsymId_,_orgId_, _date_, _spotlightId_, _groupId_ and _requestId_ are always included.    &lt;h3&gt;Common Fields&lt;/h3&gt;    |field|description|   |---|---|   |fsymId|Factset Regional Security Identifier|   |orgId|Unique identifier assigned by Truvalue that is applied on an organization level |             |date|Date for the period requested in YYYY-MM-DD format.|   |spotlightId|Unique identifier identifying a Spotlight ESG event that is detected at the company level, within a single category.|   |groupId|Unique identifier  identifying a Spotlight group using the Spotlight ID of the Primary Spotlight.|   |requestId|Identifier that was used for the request.|     &lt;h3&gt;SASB Spotlights Fields&lt;/h3&gt;     |field|description|   |---|---|   |orgName|The current name of the organization (not point-in-time)|   |primarySpotlight|Y/N value indicating the primary Spotlight in a Spotlight Group.|   |spotlightCategory|SASB category tagged to each Spotlight.|   |materialCategory|Indicates if the category is material for the organization based on SASBs Materiality Map|   |status|Indicates status of a spotlight, which can be one of Completed or Ongoing.|   |removed|Displays the date a Spotlight was removed from the dataset, if it has been removed.|   |startDate|Date when a Spotlight has met the volume threshold for Spotlight consideration. Score and volume change metadata are associated with this date.|   |liveDate|Date when a Spotlight meets confidence threshold and is considered a Spotlight. This date should never precede start date|   |firstArticleDate|Date of earliest article in the Spotlight as of the Start Date.|   |finalArticleDate|Date of final article in the Spotlight. This value can change over the course of the Spotlight until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|   |organizationVolumeThreshold|The article volume needed to create a Spotlight, as set by the company&#39;s overall volume level classification on the Start Date.|   |totalSpotlightVolume|Total number of articles in the Spotlight. This number will change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|   |startDateVolume|Number of articles in the Spotlight on the Start Date when it met the volume threshold. Does not include the number of articles that were added to the Spotlight after the Spotlight Start Date.|   |primaryArticleSource|Source of the primary article.|   |primaryArticleUrl|URL of the primary article.|   |primaryArticleHeadline|Headline of primary Spotlight article.|   |primaryArticleBulletpoints|Bullet points summarizing the primary article.|   |meanArtScoreFinalDate|Average score of articles in Spotlight on Final Article Date. This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|   |meanArtScoreStartDate|Average score of articles in Spotlight on Start Date. This score will not change throughout the history of the spotlight.|   |meanPulseScore|Average of pulse scores for each day from First Article Date to Final Article Date, including scores for both Start Date and Final Article Date.|   |pulseBeforeFirstArticle|Pulse score for category at end-of-day on day before the First Article Date|   |pulseOnFinalArticleDate|Pulse score for category at the end-of-day on the Final Article Date.|   |pulseOnStartDate|Pulse score for the category at the end-of-day on the Start Date.|   |zScoreOnFinalDate|Z-score for Spotlight as of Final Article Date. This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|   |zScoreOnStartDate|Z-score for Spotlight as of Start Date. This score will not change throughout the history of the spotlight.|   |standoutLvlOnFinalDate|Describes if the spotlight is a High, Medium, or Low standout spotlight.  This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|   |standoutLvlOnStartDate|Describes if the spotlight is a High, Medium, or Low standout spotlight.|  | [optional] 
 **categories** | [**[String]**](String.md)| The SASB Categories requested for the respective scoreType(s). The default value is **ALLCATEGORIES**, which represents all 26 categories in a single overall score. To request a specifc category or list of categories, simply input the category names below.   ### SASB Categories |**SASB Category Inputs**|**Description**| |---|---| |**ALLCATEGORIES**|**All Categories** - this category represents a company&#39;s overall SASB Score for the specific &#39;scoreType&#39;. This value is equal to the cumulative average of all 26 SASB categories for the specific &#39;scoreType&#39;.*Note that category is not available for the Dynamic Materiality &#39;scoreType&#39;.| |**ACCESSANDAFFORDABILITY**|**Access and Affordability** - The category addresses a company&#39;s ability to ensure broad access to its products and services, specifically in the context of underserved markets and/or population groups. It includes the management of issues related to universal needs, such as the accessibility and affordability of health care, financial services, utilities , education, and telecommunications.| |**AIRQUALITY**|**Air Quality** - the category addresses management of air quality impacts resulting from stationary (e.g., factories, power plants) and mobile sources (e.g., trucks, delivery vehicles, planes) as well as industrial emissions. Relevant airborne pollutants include, but are not limited to, oxides of nitrogen (NOx), oxides of sulfur (SOx), volatile organic compounds (VOCs), heavy metals, particulate matter, and chlorofluorocarbons. The category does not include GHG emissions, which are addressed in a separate category.| |**BUSINESSETHICS**|**Business Ethics** - the category addresses the company&#39;s approach to managing risks and opportunities surrounding ethical conduct of business, including fraud, corruption, bribery and facilitation payments, fiduciary responsibilities, and other behavior that may have an ethical component. This includes sensitivity to business norms and standards as they shift over time, jurisdiction, and culture. It addresses the company&#39;s ability to provide services that satisfy the highest professional and ethical standards of the industry, which means to avoid conflicts of interest, misrepresentation, bias, and negligence through training employees adequately and implementing policies and procedures to ensure employees provide services free from bias and error.| |**BUSMODELRESILIENCE**|**Business Model Resilience** - the category addresses an industry&#39;s capacity to manage risks and opportunities associated with incorporating social, environmental, and political transitions into long-term business model planning. This includes responsiveness to the transition to a low-carbon and climate-constrained economy, as well as growth and creation of new markets among unserved and underserved socioeconomic populations. The category highlights industries in which evolving environmental and social realities may challenge companies to fundamentally adapt or may put their business models at risk.| |**COMPETITIVEBEHAVIOR**|**Competitive Behavior** - the category covers social issues associated with existence of monopolies, which may include, but are not limited to, excessive prices, poor quality of service, and inefficiencies. It addresses a company&#39;s management of legal and social expectation around monopolistic and anti-competitive practices, including issues related to bargaining power, collusion, price fixing or manipulation, and protection of patents and intellectual property (IP).| |**CRITINCIDENTRISKMGT**|**Critical Incident Risk Management** - the category addresses the company&#39;s use of management systems and scenario planning to identify, understand, and prevent or minimize the occurrence of low-probability, high-impact accidents and emergencies with significant potential environmental and social externalities. It relates to the culture of safety at a company, its relevant safety management systems and technological controls, the potential human, environmental, and social implications of such events occurring, and the long-term effects to an organization, its workers, and society should these events occur.| |**CUSTOMERPRIVACY**|**Customer Privacy** - the category addresses management of risks related to the use of personally identifiable information (PII) and other customer or user data for secondary purposes including but not limited to marketing through affiliates and non-affiliates. The scope of the category includes social issues that may arise from a company&#39;s approach to collecting data, obtaining consent (e.g., opt-in policies), managing user and customer expectations regarding how their data is used, and managing evolving regulation. It excludes social issues arising from cybersecurity risks, which are covered in a separate category.| |**CUSTWELFARE**|**Customer Welfare** - the category addresses customer welfare concerns over issues including, but not limited to, health and nutrition of foods and beverages, antibiotic use in animal production, and management of controlled substances. The category addresses the company&#39;s ability to provide consumers with manufactured products and services that are aligned with societal expectations. It does not include issues directly related to quality and safety malfunctions of manufactured products and services, but instead addresses qualities inherent to the design and delivery of products and services where customer welfare may be in question. The scope of the category also captures companies&#39; ability to prevent counterfeit products.| |**DATASECURITY**|**Data Security** - the category addresses management of risks related to collection, retention, and use of sensitive, confidential, and/or proprietary customer or user data. It includes social issues that may arise from incidents such as data breaches in which personally identifiable information (PII) and other user or customer data may be exposed. It addresses a company&#39;s strategy, policies, and practices related to IT infrastructure, staff training, record keeping, cooperation with law enforcement, and other mechanisms used to ensure security of customer or user data.| |**ECOLOGICALIMPACTS**|**Ecological Impacts** - the category addresses management of the company&#39;s impacts on ecosystems and biodiversity through activities including, but not limited to, land use for exploration, natural resource extraction, and cultivation, as well as project development, construction, and siting. The impacts include, but are not limited to, biodiversity loss, habitat destruction, and deforestation at all stages – planning, land acquisition, permitting, development, operations, and site remediation. The category does not cover impacts of climate change on ecosystems and biodiversity.| |**EMPENGDIVANDINC**|**Employee Engagement Diversity and Inclusion** - the category addresses a company&#39;s ability to ensure that its culture and hiring and promotion practices embrace the building of a diverse and inclusive workforce that reflects the makeup of local talent pools and its customer base. It addresses the issues of discriminatory practices on the bases of race, gender, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, and other factors.| |**EMPHEALTHANDSAFETY**|**Employee Health and Safety** - the category addresses a company&#39;s ability to create and maintain a safe and healthy workplace environment that is free of injuries, fatalities, and illness (both chronic and acute). It is traditionally accomplished through implementing safety management plans, developing training requirements for employees and contractors, and conducting regular audits of their own practices as well as those of their subcontractors. The category further captures how companies ensure physical and mental health of workforce through technology, training, corporate culture, regulatory compliance, monitoring and testing, and personal protective equipment.| |**ENERGYMGT**|**Energy Management** - the category addresses environmental impacts associated with energy consumption. It addresses the company&#39;s management of energy in manufacturing and/or for provision of products and services derived from utility providers (grid energy) not owned or controlled by the company. More specifically, it includes management of energy efficiency and intensity, energy mix, as well as grid reliance. Upstream (e.g., suppliers) and downstream (e.g., product use) energy use is not included in the scope.| |**GHGEMISSIONS**|**Greenhouse Gas Emissions** - the category addresses direct (Scope 1) greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions that a company generates through its operations. This includes GHG emissions from stationary (e.g., factories, power plants) and mobile sources (e.g., trucks, delivery vehicles, planes), whether a result of combustion of fuel or non-combusted direct releases during activities such as natural resource extraction, power generation, land use, or biogenic processes. The category further includes management of regulatory risks, environmental compliance, and reputational risks and opportunities, as they related to direct GHG emissions. The seven GHGs covered under the Kyoto Protocol are included within the category— carbon dioxide (CO2 ), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs), sulfur hexafluoride (SF6), and nitrogen trifluoride (NF3).| |**HUMANRIGHTSANDCOMRELS**|**Human Rights and Community Relations** - the category addresses management of the relationship between businesses and the communities in which they operate, including, but not limited to, management of direct and indirect impacts on core human rights and the treatment of indigenous peoples. More specifically, such management may cover socio-economic community impacts, community engagement, environmental justice, cultivation of local workforces, impact on local businesses, license to operate, and environmental/social impact assessments. The category does not include environmental impacts such as air pollution or waste which, although they may impact the health and safety of members of local communities, are addressed in separate categories.| |**LABORPRACTICES**|**Labor Practices** - the category addresses the company&#39;s ability to uphold commonly accepted labor standards in the workplace, including compliance with labor laws and internationally accepted norms and standards. This includes, but is not limited to, ensuring basic human rights related to child labor, forced or bonded labor, exploitative labor, fair wages and overtime pay, and other basic workers&#39; rights. It also includes minimum wage policies and provision of benefits, which may influence how a workforce is attracted, retained, and motivated. The category further addresses a company&#39;s relationship with organized labor and freedom of association.| |**MGTOFLEGALANDREGENV**|**Management of the Legal and Regulatory Environment** - the category addresses a company&#39;s approach to engaging with regulators in cases where conflicting corporate and public interests may have the potential for long-term adverse direct or indirect environmental and social impacts. The category addresses a company&#39;s level of reliance upon regulatory policy or monetary incentives (such as subsidies and taxes), actions to influence industry policy (such as through lobbying), overall reliance on a favorable regulatory environment for business competitiveness, and ability to comply with relevant regulations. It may relate to the alignment of management and investor views of regulatory engagement and compliance at large.| |**MATSOURCINGANDEFF**|**Materials Sourcing and Efficiency** - the category addresses issues related to the resilience of materials supply chains to impacts of climate change and other external environmental and social factors. It captures the impacts of such external factors on operational activity of suppliers, which can further affect availability and pricing of key resources. It addresses a company&#39;s ability to manage these risks through product design, manufacturing, and end-of-life management, such as by using of recycled and renewable materials, reducing the use of key materials (dematerialization), maximizing resource efficiency in manufacturing, and making R&amp;D investments in substitute materials. Additionally, companies can manage these issues by screening, selection, monitoring, and engagement with suppliers to ensure their resilience to external risks. It does not address issues associated with environmental and social externalities created by operational activity of individual suppliers, which is covered in a separate category.| |**MATERIALITY**|**Materiality** - this category represents a composite score of all &#39;material&#39; SASB categories for the given entity. For more information on SASB&#39;s Materiality Map, visit [materiality.sasb.org](https://materiality.sasb.org/)| |**PHYIMPACTSOFCLIMATECHG**|**Physical Impacts of Climate Change** - the category addresses the company&#39;s ability to manage risks and opportunities associated with direct exposure of its owned or controlled assets and operations to actual or potential physical impacts of climate change. It captures environmental and social issues that may arise from operational disruptions due to physical impacts of climate change. It further captures socioeconomic issues resulting from companies failing to incorporate climate change consideration in products and services sold, such as insurance policies and mortgages. The category relates to the company&#39;s ability to adapt to increased frequency and severity of extreme weather, shifting climate, sea level risk, and other expected physical impacts of climate change. Management may involve enhancing resiliency of physical assets and/or surrounding infrastructure as well as incorporation of climate change-related considerations into key business activities (e.g., mortgage and insurance underwriting, planning and development of real estate projects).| |**PDANDLIFECYCLEMGT**|**Product Design and Lifecycle Management** - the category addresses incorporation of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) considerations in characteristics of products and services provided or sold by the company. It includes, but is not limited to, managing the lifecycle impacts of products and services, such as those related to packaging, distribution, use-phase resource intensity, and other environmental and social externalities that may occur during their use-phase or at the end of life. The category captures a company&#39;s ability to address customer and societal demand for more sustainable products and services as well as to meet evolving environmental and social regulation. It does not address direct environmental or social impacts of the company&#39;s operations nor does it address health and safety risks to consumers from product use, which are covered in other categories.| |**PRODQUALITYANDSFTY**|**Product Quality and Safety** - the category addresses issues involving unintended characteristics of products sold or services provided that may create health or safety risks to end-users. It addresses a company&#39;s ability to offer manufactured products and/or services that meet customer expectations with respect to their health and safety characteristics. It includes, but is not limited to, issues involving liability, management of recalls and market withdrawals, product testing, and chemicals/content/ ingredient management in products.| |**SELLPRACANDPRODLABEL**|**Selling Practices and Product Labeling** - the category addresses social issues that may arise from a failure to manage the transparency, accuracy, and comprehensibility of marketing statements, advertising, and labeling of products and services. It includes, but is not limited to, advertising standards and regulations, ethical and responsible marketing practices, misleading or deceptive labeling, as well as discriminatory or predatory selling and lending practices. This may include deceptive or aggressive selling practices in which incentive structures for employees could encourage the sale of products or services that are not in the best interest of customers or clients.| |**SUPPLYCHAINMGT**|**Supply Chain Management** - the category addresses management of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) risks within a company&#39;s supply chain. It addresses issues associated with environmental and social externalities created by suppliers through their operational activities. Such issues include, but are not limited to, environmental responsibility, human rights, labor practices, and ethics and corruption. Management may involve screening, selection, monitoring, and engagement with suppliers on their environmental and social impacts. The category does not address the impacts of external factors – such as climate change and other environmental and social factors – on suppliers&#39; operations and/or on the availability and pricing of key resources, which is covered in a separate category.| |**SYSTEMICRISKMGT**|**Systemic Risk Management** - the category addresses the company&#39;s contributions to, or management of systemic risks resulting from large-scale weakening or collapse of systems upon which the economy and society depend. This includes financial systems, natural resource systems, and technological systems. It addresses the mechanisms a company has in place to reduce its contributions to systemic risks and to improve safeguards that may mitigate the impacts of systemic failure. For financial institutions, the category also captures the company&#39;s ability to absorb shocks arising from financial and economic stress and meet stricter regulatory requirements related to the complexity and interconnectedness of companies in the industry.| |**WASTEANDHZRDMATSMGT**|**Waste and Hazardous Materials Management** - the category addresses environmental issues associated with hazardous and non-hazardous waste generated by companies. It addresses a company&#39;s management of solid wastes in manufacturing, agriculture, and other industrial processes. It covers treatment, handling, storage, disposal, and regulatory compliance. The category does not cover emissions to air or wastewater, nor does it cover waste from end-of-life of products, which are addressed in separate categories.| |**WATERANDWASTEWATERMGT**|**Water and Wastewater Management** - the category addresses a company&#39;s water use, water consumption, wastewater generation, and other impacts of operations on water resources, which may be influenced by regional differences in the availability and quality of and competition for water resources. More specifically, it addresses management strategies including, but not limited to, water efficiency, intensity, and recycling. Lastly, the category also addresses management of wastewater treatment and discharge, including groundwater and aquifer pollution.|  | [optional] 
 **primaryOnly** | **Boolean**| This parameter would return only primary spotlights when set to &#x60;true&#x60;  | [optional] [default to true]
 **isRemoved** | **Boolean**| This parameter would return the spotlights removed in the response(i.e. Spotlight is marked as Rejected but has a firstApprovedOnDate))when set to &#x60;true&#x60; Only Spotlights that are marked as approved will be returned when set to &#x60;false&#x60;  | [optional] [default to false]

### Return type

[**SpotlightsResponse**](SpotlightsResponse.md)

### Authorization

[FactSetApiKey](../README.md#FactSetApiKey), [FactSetOAuth2](../README.md#FactSetOAuth2)

### HTTP request headers

- **Content-Type**: Not defined
- **Accept**: application/json


## getSasbSpotlightsForList

> SpotlightsResponse getSasbSpotlightsForList(sasbSpotlightsRequest)

Gets Spotlight data for the most important positive and negative ESG events to enable timely and systematic trading strategies and portfolio management

FactSet ESG by Truvalue Labs’ Spotlight Data solutions are a daily collection of the most important positive and negative ESG events detected by our algorithms, with a variety of quantitative metadata to enable timely and systematic trading strategies and portfolio management. Qualitive informational data points such as the headline and key bullet points for articles is also included. reporting is sparse. 

### Example

```javascript
const { ApiClient, SpotlightsApi } = require('@factset/sdk-factsetesg');
const { ConfidentialClient } = require('@factset/sdk-utils');

const apiClient = ApiClient.instance;

// Examples for each supported authentication method are below,
// choose one that satisfies your use case.

// (Preferred) OAuth 2.0: FactSetOAuth2
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk#oauth-20
// for information on how to create the app-config.json file
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk-utils-typescript#authentication
// for more information on using the ConfidentialClient class
apiClient.factsetOauth2Client = new ConfidentialClient('/path/to/app-config.json');

// Basic authentication: FactSetApiKey
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk#api-key
// for information how to create an API key
// const FactSetApiKey = apiClient.authentications['FactSetApiKey'];
// FactSetApiKey.username = 'USERNAME-SERIAL';
// FactSetApiKey.password = 'API-KEY';

const apiInstance = new SpotlightsApi();
const sasbSpotlightsRequest = new factsetesg.SasbSpotlightsRequest(); // SasbSpotlightsRequest | The SASB Article metadata like Dates, Headlines, Articles, Volume

// Call api endpoint
apiInstance.getSasbSpotlightsForList(sasbSpotlightsRequest).then(
  data => {

    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data:');
    console.log(data);
  },
  error => {
    console.error(error);
  },
);

```


### Parameters


Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **sasbSpotlightsRequest** | [**SasbSpotlightsRequest**](SasbSpotlightsRequest.md)| The SASB Article metadata like Dates, Headlines, Articles, Volume | 

### Return type

[**SpotlightsResponse**](SpotlightsResponse.md)

### Authorization

[FactSetApiKey](../README.md#FactSetApiKey), [FactSetOAuth2](../README.md#FactSetOAuth2)

### HTTP request headers

- **Content-Type**: application/json
- **Accept**: application/json


## getSdgSpotlights

> SpotlightsResponse getSdgSpotlights(ids, startDate, endDate, opts)

Gets Spotlight data for the most important positive and negative ESG events to enable timely and systematic trading strategies and portfolio management

FactSet ESG by Truvalue Labs’ Spotlight Data solutions are a daily collection of the most important positive and negative ESG events detected by our algorithms, with a variety of quantitative metadata to enable timely and systematic trading strategies and portfolio management. Qualitive informational data points such as the headline and key bullet points for articles is also included.  

### Example

```javascript
const { ApiClient, SpotlightsApi } = require('@factset/sdk-factsetesg');
const { ConfidentialClient } = require('@factset/sdk-utils');

const apiClient = ApiClient.instance;

// Examples for each supported authentication method are below,
// choose one that satisfies your use case.

// (Preferred) OAuth 2.0: FactSetOAuth2
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk#oauth-20
// for information on how to create the app-config.json file
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk-utils-typescript#authentication
// for more information on using the ConfidentialClient class
apiClient.factsetOauth2Client = new ConfidentialClient('/path/to/app-config.json');

// Basic authentication: FactSetApiKey
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk#api-key
// for information how to create an API key
// const FactSetApiKey = apiClient.authentications['FactSetApiKey'];
// FactSetApiKey.username = 'USERNAME-SERIAL';
// FactSetApiKey.password = 'API-KEY';

const apiInstance = new SpotlightsApi();
const ids = ["AAPL-USA"]; // [String] | Security or Entity identifiers. FactSet Identifiers, tickers, CUSIP and SEDOL are accepted input. <p>***ids limit** =  1500 per request*</p> *<p>Make note, GET Method URL request lines are also limited to a total  length of 8192 bytes (8KB). In cases where the service allows for thousands of ids, which may lead to exceeding this request line limit of 8KB, its advised for any requests with large request lines to be requested through the respective \"POST\" method.</p>* 
const startDate = 2021-01-01; // String | The start date requested for a given date range in YYYY-MM-DD format. The input start date must be before the input end date. Future dates (T+1) are not accepted in this endpoint. 
const endDate = 2021-10-30; // String | The end date requested for a given date range in YYYY-MM-DD format. The input end date must be after the input start date. Future dates (T+1) are not accepted in this endpoint. 
const opts = {
  'categories': IMPACT, // [String] | The SDG Categories specified for the Truvalue Scores being requested. To specify select categories returned in the response, provide a comma-separated list of the scores using the description below.  |**SDG Category Input**|**Description**| |---|---| |**IMPACT**|**Impact** - The aggregate SDG score for each company is simply named \"Impact.\" The SDG Impact Score is produced using a weighted average of individual category scores, where the weight utilized is the category score volume.| |**GOAL1NOPOVERTY**|**No Poverty** - Goal 1 focuses on poverty in all its manifestations and also aims to ensure social protection for the poor and vulnerable, increase access to basic services and support people harmed by climate related extreme events and other economic, social and environmental shocks and disasters. <p>**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Financial services access and affordability, Underserved groups,Unethical pricing.*| |**GOAL2ZEROHUNGER**|**Zero Hunger** - Goal 2 aims to end hunger and all forms of malnutrition and commits to universal access to safe, nutritious and sufficient food at all times of the year, particularly for the poor and people in vulnerable situations (e.g., infants). This will require sustainable food production systems and resilient agricultural practices, equal access to land, technology, and markets and international cooperation on investments in infrastructure and technology to boost agricultural productivity. <p>**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Sustainable agricultural practices, Agricultural ingredients sourcing and certifications, Food safety concerns, Animal welfare.*| |**GOAL3GOODHEALTHANDWELLBEING**|**Good Health and Wellbeing** - Goal 3 seeks to ensure health and wellbeing for all, at every stage of life and addresses all major health priorities, including reproductive, maternal, and child health; communicable, noncommunicable and environmental diseases; universal health coverage; and access for all to safe, effective, quality, and affordable medicines and vaccines.<p> **Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Harmful Chemicals in Products, Product Recalls, Healthcare Access and Affordability.*| |**GOAL4QUALITYEDUCATION**|**Quality Education** - Goal 4 addresses access and affordability of education and skills development starting from childhood development and continuing through adulthood, including for girls, persons with disabilities, indigenous peoples and children in vulnerable situations, Improvements to the access to education it hopes to ensure that all youth and a substantial proportion of adults achieve literacy and numeracy. It also seeks to build and upgrade education facilities and to increase the supply of qualified teachers.<p>**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Mentorship and training, Education company quality, Education company ethics.*| |**GOAL5GENDEREQUALITY**|**Gender Equality** - Goal 5 emphasizes eliminating discrimination and violence against women and girls. The Goal emphasizes ensuring women's full and effective participation and equal opportunities for leadership at all levels of decision-making in political, economic and public life. Access to sexual and reproductive health and reproductive rights and access to economic resources (e.g., land ownership, financial services) are also emphasized.<p>**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Board Diversity, Gender Discrimination, Sexual Harassment.*| |**GOAL6CLEANWATERANDSANITATION**|**Clean Water and Sanitation** - Goal 6 not only addresses issues relating to drinking water, sanitation and hygiene, but also the quality and sustainability of water resources worldwide. It strives to achieve universal and equitable access to safe and affordable drinking water for all. It also focuses on adequate and equitable sanitation and hygiene and reducing pollution, minimizing release of hazardous chemicals and materials, and protection of water-related ecosystems. It also highlights increasing water-use efficiency across all sectors, recycling, and ensuring sustainable withdrawals and supply of freshwater.<p>**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Water Pollution, Water Recycling and Stewardship, Water Infrastructure.*| |**GOAL7AFFORDABLEANDCLEANENERGY**|**Goal 7 Affordable and Clean Energy** - Goal 7 seeks to ensure access to affordable, reliable, and modern energy services for all. It aims to increase renewable energy in the global energy mix and improve energy efficiency significantly. It also calls for more access to clean energy research, technology, and infrastructure for renewable energy, energy efficiency, and advanced and cleaner fossil-fuel technology, and promoting investment in energy infrastructure and clean energy technology.<p>**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Green Buildings, Renewable Energy, Unethical Utility Pricing.*| |**GOAL8DECENTWORKANDECONOMICGROWTH**|**Decent Work and Economic Growth** - Goal 8 focuses on economic productivity and supports policies for entrepreneurship, creativity and innovation that assist micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises. The Goal also seeks to reduce unemployment, the proportion of youth not working or in school, child labor, and forced labor. Also covered are the protection of labor rights, migrant workers, safe and secure working environments, sustainable tourism, and increasing the capacity of domestic financial institutions in regards to access to banking, insurance, and financial services.<p>**Company-Level Issue Examples** *-  Job Creation, Labor Exploitation, Employee Health and Safety, Workplace Turnover, Supplier Transparency.*| |**GOAL9INDUSTRYINNOVATIONANDINFRASTRUCTURE**|**Industry Innovation and Infrastructure** - Goal 9 focuses on three important aspects of sustainable development, infrastructure, industrialization and innovation, including considerations for resiliency, equity, quality, reliability, access and affordability, and regional and transborder infrastructure. The Goal focuses on infrastructure upgrades and retrofitting of industries with increased resource-use efficiency and clean and environmentally sound technologies and industrial processes.<p>**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Digital Divide, ESG integration in financial services, Engineering Structural Integrity.*| |**GOAL10REDUCEDINEQUALITIES**|**Reduced Inequalities** - Goal 10 calls for reducing inequalities in income as well as those based on age, sex, disability, race, ethnicity, origin, religion, or economic or other status within a country. The Goal addresses inequalities among countries, including those related to representation, migration, and development assistance. It aims to empower and promote social, economic, and political inclusion of all. The Goal stresses regulation and monitoring of global financial markets and institutions.<p>**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Responsible Lending, Worker Discrimination, CEO Pay Gap, Worker Pay Gap, Workplace Diversity and Inclusion.*| |**GOAL11SUSTAINABLECITIESANDCOMMUNITIES**|**Sustainable Cities and Communities** - Goal 11 seeks to ensure access for all to adequate, safe, and affordable housing and basic services, and green and public spaces, and to upgrade slums. It focuses on improving transportation, air quality and municipal and other waste management, and creating inclusive and sustainable urbanization through participatory urban planning. The Goal also supports safeguarding the world's cultural and natural heritage, while aiming to increase the number of cities and human settlements adopting and implementing integrated policies and plans towards inclusion, resource efficiency, mitigation and adaptation to climate change, and resilience to disasters.<p>**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Air Pollution, Environmental Justice, Human Rights Violations, Affordable Housing.*| |**GOAL12RESPONSIBLECONSUMPTIONANDPRODUCTION**|**Responsible Consumption and Production** - Goal 12 aims to achieve the sustainable management and efficient use of natural resources through both the public and private sector. It specifically addresses global food waste in consumption, production, and distribution, sustainable tourism, waste and chemicals management. Goal 12 encourages sustainability reporting in the private sector, while in the public sector it encourages restructuring taxation and subsidies for fossil fuels and promoting sustainable public procurement practices.<p>**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Sustainability Reporting, Circular Economy, Hazardous Waste Management, Waste Reduction.*| |**GOAL13CLIMATEACTION**|**Climate Action** - While Goal 13 is focused on actions by countries towards climate mitigation and adaptation, the private sector can also play a role in these areas. The goal seeks to strengthen resilience and adaptive capacity to climate-related hazards and natural disasters in all countries. It calls for integrating climate change measures, including those related to climate resilience and low GHG development, into national policies, strategies, and planning. It aims to improve education and awareness of climate change mitigation, adaptation, impact reduction, and early warning.<p>**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- GHG Emissions, Sustainable Transportation, Physical Climate Impacts.*| |**GOAL14LIFEBELOWWATER**|**Life Below Water** - Goal 14 focuses on preventing marine pollution of all kinds, particularly from land-based activities, and to minimize and address the impacts of ocean acidification. The Goal also aims to achieve sustainable yields in fisheries, through regulation of harvesting, controlling subsidies, and ending overfishing. It seeks to sustainably manage and protect marine and coastal ecosystems to avoid significant adverse impacts, including by strengthening their resilience, and take action for their restoration in order to achieve healthy and productive oceans.<p>**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Impacts on water-related endangered species and habitats, Oil Spills, Seafood Sourcing.*| |**GOAL15LIFEONLAND**|**Life On Land** - Goal 15 seeks to ensure the conservation, restoration, and sustainable use of terrestrial and inland freshwater ecosystems and their services, in order to preserve biodiversity. It focuses specifically on sustainably managing forests, halting deforestation, restoring degraded lands and successfully combating desertification, reducing degraded natural habitats and ending biodiversity loss, with an emphasis on threatened species and invasive alien species.<p>**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Impacts on land-related endangered species and habitats, Sustainable forestry practices and certifications, Project lifecycle environmental impacts.*| |**GOAL16PEACEJUSTICEANDSTRONGINSTITUTIONS**|**Peace, Justice, and Strong Institutions** - Goal 16 aims to significantly reduce all forms of violence, and also focuses specifically on reducing violence against children in the forms of abuse, exploitation, trafficking, and torture. It also aims to significantly reduce illicit financial and arms flows and to substantially reduce corruption and bribery in all their forms. The Goal also emphasizes effective and transparent institutions at all levels, inclusive and participatory decision-making, ensuring public access to information, and protection of fundamental freedoms.<p>**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Tax Avoidance, Anti-Competitive Behavior, Cyber Security, Corruption, ESG Resolutions.*| 
  'fields': ["null"], // [String] | Request available SDG Spotlights data fields to be included in the response.  Default is all fields. _fsymId_,_orgId_, _date_, _spotlightId_, _groupId_ and _requestId_ are always included.    <h3>Common Fields</h3>    |field|description|   |---|---|   |fsymId|Factset Regional Security Identifier|   |orgId|Unique identifier assigned by Truvalue that is applied on an organization level |   |date|Date for the period requested in YYYY-MM-DD format.|   |spotlightId|Unique identifier identifying a Spotlight ESG event that is detected at the company level, within a single category.|   |groupId|Unique identifier  identifying a Spotlight group using the Spotlight ID of the Primary Spotlight.|   |requestId|Identifier that was used for the request.|    <h3>SDG Spotlights Fields</h3>     |field|description|   |----|----|   |orgName|The current name of the organization according to Truvalue (not point-in-time)|   |primarySpotlight|Value indicating the primary Spotlight in a Spotlight Group. It could be either \"Yes\" or \"No\".|   |spotlightCategory|SDG category tagged to each Spotlight.|    |status|Indicates status of a spotlight, which can be one of Completed or Ongoing. |   |removed|Displays the date a Spotlight was removed from the dataset, if it has been removed.|    |startDate|Date when a Spotlight has met the volume threshold for Spotlight consideration. Score and volume change metadata are associated with this date.|   |liveDate|Date when a Spotlight meets confidence threshold and is considered a Spotlight. This date should never precede start_date. |             |firstArticleDate|Date of earliest article in the Spotlight as of the Start Date. |   |finalArticleDate|Date of final article in the Spotlight. This value can change over the course of the Spotlight until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|       |organizationVolumeThreshold| The article volume needed to create a Spotlight, as set by the company's overall volume level classification on the Start Date. |    |totalSpotlightVolume|Total number of articles in the Spotlight. This number will change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|             |startDateVolume|Number of articles in the Spotlight on the Start Date when it met the volume threshold. Does not include the number of articles that were added to the Spotlight after the Spotlight Start Date.|   |primaryArticleSource|Source of the primary article.|    |primaryArticleUrl|URL of the primary article.|              |primaryArticleHeadline|Headline of primary Spotlight article.|             |primaryArticleBulletpoints|Bullet points summarizing the primary article. |   |meanArtScoreFinalDate|Average score of articles in Spotlight on Final Article Date. This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|      |meanArtScoreStartDate|Average score of articles in Spotlight on Start Date. This score will not change throughout the history of the spotlight.|             |meanPulseScore|Average of pulse scores for each day from First Article Date to Final Article Date, including scores for both Start Date and Final Article Date.|   |pulseBeforeFirstArticle|Pulse score for category at end-of-day on day before the First Article Date. |              |pulseOnFinalArticleDate|Pulse score for category at the end-of-day on the Final Article Date.|             |pulseOnStartDate|Pulse score for the category at the end-of-day on the Start Date. |   |zScoreOnFinalDate|Z-score for Spotlight as of Final Article Date. This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|          |zScoreOnStartDate|Z-score for Spotlight as of Start Date. This score will not change throughout the history of the spotlight.|   |standoutLvlOnFinalDate|Describes if the spotlight is a High, Medium, or Low standout spotlight.  This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|    |standoutLvlOnStartDate|Describes if the spotlight is a High, Medium, or Low standout spotlight.|            
  'primaryOnly': true, // Boolean | This parameter would return only primary spotlights when set to `true` 
  'isRemoved': false // Boolean | This parameter would return the spotlights removed in the response(i.e. Spotlight is marked as Rejected but has a firstApprovedOnDate))when set to `true` Only Spotlights that are marked as approved will be returned when set to `false` 
};

// Call api endpoint
apiInstance.getSdgSpotlights(ids, startDate, endDate, opts).then(
  data => {

    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data:');
    console.log(data);
  },
  error => {
    console.error(error);
  },
);

```


### Parameters


Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **ids** | [**[String]**](String.md)| Security or Entity identifiers. FactSet Identifiers, tickers, CUSIP and SEDOL are accepted input. &lt;p&gt;***ids limit** &#x3D;  1500 per request*&lt;/p&gt; *&lt;p&gt;Make note, GET Method URL request lines are also limited to a total  length of 8192 bytes (8KB). In cases where the service allows for thousands of ids, which may lead to exceeding this request line limit of 8KB, its advised for any requests with large request lines to be requested through the respective \&quot;POST\&quot; method.&lt;/p&gt;*  | 
 **startDate** | **String**| The start date requested for a given date range in YYYY-MM-DD format. The input start date must be before the input end date. Future dates (T+1) are not accepted in this endpoint.  | 
 **endDate** | **String**| The end date requested for a given date range in YYYY-MM-DD format. The input end date must be after the input start date. Future dates (T+1) are not accepted in this endpoint.  | 
 **categories** | [**[String]**](String.md)| The SDG Categories specified for the Truvalue Scores being requested. To specify select categories returned in the response, provide a comma-separated list of the scores using the description below.  |**SDG Category Input**|**Description**| |---|---| |**IMPACT**|**Impact** - The aggregate SDG score for each company is simply named \&quot;Impact.\&quot; The SDG Impact Score is produced using a weighted average of individual category scores, where the weight utilized is the category score volume.| |**GOAL1NOPOVERTY**|**No Poverty** - Goal 1 focuses on poverty in all its manifestations and also aims to ensure social protection for the poor and vulnerable, increase access to basic services and support people harmed by climate related extreme events and other economic, social and environmental shocks and disasters. &lt;p&gt;**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Financial services access and affordability, Underserved groups,Unethical pricing.*| |**GOAL2ZEROHUNGER**|**Zero Hunger** - Goal 2 aims to end hunger and all forms of malnutrition and commits to universal access to safe, nutritious and sufficient food at all times of the year, particularly for the poor and people in vulnerable situations (e.g., infants). This will require sustainable food production systems and resilient agricultural practices, equal access to land, technology, and markets and international cooperation on investments in infrastructure and technology to boost agricultural productivity. &lt;p&gt;**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Sustainable agricultural practices, Agricultural ingredients sourcing and certifications, Food safety concerns, Animal welfare.*| |**GOAL3GOODHEALTHANDWELLBEING**|**Good Health and Wellbeing** - Goal 3 seeks to ensure health and wellbeing for all, at every stage of life and addresses all major health priorities, including reproductive, maternal, and child health; communicable, noncommunicable and environmental diseases; universal health coverage; and access for all to safe, effective, quality, and affordable medicines and vaccines.&lt;p&gt; **Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Harmful Chemicals in Products, Product Recalls, Healthcare Access and Affordability.*| |**GOAL4QUALITYEDUCATION**|**Quality Education** - Goal 4 addresses access and affordability of education and skills development starting from childhood development and continuing through adulthood, including for girls, persons with disabilities, indigenous peoples and children in vulnerable situations, Improvements to the access to education it hopes to ensure that all youth and a substantial proportion of adults achieve literacy and numeracy. It also seeks to build and upgrade education facilities and to increase the supply of qualified teachers.&lt;p&gt;**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Mentorship and training, Education company quality, Education company ethics.*| |**GOAL5GENDEREQUALITY**|**Gender Equality** - Goal 5 emphasizes eliminating discrimination and violence against women and girls. The Goal emphasizes ensuring women&#39;s full and effective participation and equal opportunities for leadership at all levels of decision-making in political, economic and public life. Access to sexual and reproductive health and reproductive rights and access to economic resources (e.g., land ownership, financial services) are also emphasized.&lt;p&gt;**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Board Diversity, Gender Discrimination, Sexual Harassment.*| |**GOAL6CLEANWATERANDSANITATION**|**Clean Water and Sanitation** - Goal 6 not only addresses issues relating to drinking water, sanitation and hygiene, but also the quality and sustainability of water resources worldwide. It strives to achieve universal and equitable access to safe and affordable drinking water for all. It also focuses on adequate and equitable sanitation and hygiene and reducing pollution, minimizing release of hazardous chemicals and materials, and protection of water-related ecosystems. It also highlights increasing water-use efficiency across all sectors, recycling, and ensuring sustainable withdrawals and supply of freshwater.&lt;p&gt;**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Water Pollution, Water Recycling and Stewardship, Water Infrastructure.*| |**GOAL7AFFORDABLEANDCLEANENERGY**|**Goal 7 Affordable and Clean Energy** - Goal 7 seeks to ensure access to affordable, reliable, and modern energy services for all. It aims to increase renewable energy in the global energy mix and improve energy efficiency significantly. It also calls for more access to clean energy research, technology, and infrastructure for renewable energy, energy efficiency, and advanced and cleaner fossil-fuel technology, and promoting investment in energy infrastructure and clean energy technology.&lt;p&gt;**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Green Buildings, Renewable Energy, Unethical Utility Pricing.*| |**GOAL8DECENTWORKANDECONOMICGROWTH**|**Decent Work and Economic Growth** - Goal 8 focuses on economic productivity and supports policies for entrepreneurship, creativity and innovation that assist micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises. The Goal also seeks to reduce unemployment, the proportion of youth not working or in school, child labor, and forced labor. Also covered are the protection of labor rights, migrant workers, safe and secure working environments, sustainable tourism, and increasing the capacity of domestic financial institutions in regards to access to banking, insurance, and financial services.&lt;p&gt;**Company-Level Issue Examples** *-  Job Creation, Labor Exploitation, Employee Health and Safety, Workplace Turnover, Supplier Transparency.*| |**GOAL9INDUSTRYINNOVATIONANDINFRASTRUCTURE**|**Industry Innovation and Infrastructure** - Goal 9 focuses on three important aspects of sustainable development, infrastructure, industrialization and innovation, including considerations for resiliency, equity, quality, reliability, access and affordability, and regional and transborder infrastructure. The Goal focuses on infrastructure upgrades and retrofitting of industries with increased resource-use efficiency and clean and environmentally sound technologies and industrial processes.&lt;p&gt;**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Digital Divide, ESG integration in financial services, Engineering Structural Integrity.*| |**GOAL10REDUCEDINEQUALITIES**|**Reduced Inequalities** - Goal 10 calls for reducing inequalities in income as well as those based on age, sex, disability, race, ethnicity, origin, religion, or economic or other status within a country. The Goal addresses inequalities among countries, including those related to representation, migration, and development assistance. It aims to empower and promote social, economic, and political inclusion of all. The Goal stresses regulation and monitoring of global financial markets and institutions.&lt;p&gt;**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Responsible Lending, Worker Discrimination, CEO Pay Gap, Worker Pay Gap, Workplace Diversity and Inclusion.*| |**GOAL11SUSTAINABLECITIESANDCOMMUNITIES**|**Sustainable Cities and Communities** - Goal 11 seeks to ensure access for all to adequate, safe, and affordable housing and basic services, and green and public spaces, and to upgrade slums. It focuses on improving transportation, air quality and municipal and other waste management, and creating inclusive and sustainable urbanization through participatory urban planning. The Goal also supports safeguarding the world&#39;s cultural and natural heritage, while aiming to increase the number of cities and human settlements adopting and implementing integrated policies and plans towards inclusion, resource efficiency, mitigation and adaptation to climate change, and resilience to disasters.&lt;p&gt;**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Air Pollution, Environmental Justice, Human Rights Violations, Affordable Housing.*| |**GOAL12RESPONSIBLECONSUMPTIONANDPRODUCTION**|**Responsible Consumption and Production** - Goal 12 aims to achieve the sustainable management and efficient use of natural resources through both the public and private sector. It specifically addresses global food waste in consumption, production, and distribution, sustainable tourism, waste and chemicals management. Goal 12 encourages sustainability reporting in the private sector, while in the public sector it encourages restructuring taxation and subsidies for fossil fuels and promoting sustainable public procurement practices.&lt;p&gt;**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Sustainability Reporting, Circular Economy, Hazardous Waste Management, Waste Reduction.*| |**GOAL13CLIMATEACTION**|**Climate Action** - While Goal 13 is focused on actions by countries towards climate mitigation and adaptation, the private sector can also play a role in these areas. The goal seeks to strengthen resilience and adaptive capacity to climate-related hazards and natural disasters in all countries. It calls for integrating climate change measures, including those related to climate resilience and low GHG development, into national policies, strategies, and planning. It aims to improve education and awareness of climate change mitigation, adaptation, impact reduction, and early warning.&lt;p&gt;**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- GHG Emissions, Sustainable Transportation, Physical Climate Impacts.*| |**GOAL14LIFEBELOWWATER**|**Life Below Water** - Goal 14 focuses on preventing marine pollution of all kinds, particularly from land-based activities, and to minimize and address the impacts of ocean acidification. The Goal also aims to achieve sustainable yields in fisheries, through regulation of harvesting, controlling subsidies, and ending overfishing. It seeks to sustainably manage and protect marine and coastal ecosystems to avoid significant adverse impacts, including by strengthening their resilience, and take action for their restoration in order to achieve healthy and productive oceans.&lt;p&gt;**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Impacts on water-related endangered species and habitats, Oil Spills, Seafood Sourcing.*| |**GOAL15LIFEONLAND**|**Life On Land** - Goal 15 seeks to ensure the conservation, restoration, and sustainable use of terrestrial and inland freshwater ecosystems and their services, in order to preserve biodiversity. It focuses specifically on sustainably managing forests, halting deforestation, restoring degraded lands and successfully combating desertification, reducing degraded natural habitats and ending biodiversity loss, with an emphasis on threatened species and invasive alien species.&lt;p&gt;**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Impacts on land-related endangered species and habitats, Sustainable forestry practices and certifications, Project lifecycle environmental impacts.*| |**GOAL16PEACEJUSTICEANDSTRONGINSTITUTIONS**|**Peace, Justice, and Strong Institutions** - Goal 16 aims to significantly reduce all forms of violence, and also focuses specifically on reducing violence against children in the forms of abuse, exploitation, trafficking, and torture. It also aims to significantly reduce illicit financial and arms flows and to substantially reduce corruption and bribery in all their forms. The Goal also emphasizes effective and transparent institutions at all levels, inclusive and participatory decision-making, ensuring public access to information, and protection of fundamental freedoms.&lt;p&gt;**Company-Level Issue Examples** *- Tax Avoidance, Anti-Competitive Behavior, Cyber Security, Corruption, ESG Resolutions.*|  | [optional] 
 **fields** | [**[String]**](String.md)| Request available SDG Spotlights data fields to be included in the response.  Default is all fields. _fsymId_,_orgId_, _date_, _spotlightId_, _groupId_ and _requestId_ are always included.    &lt;h3&gt;Common Fields&lt;/h3&gt;    |field|description|   |---|---|   |fsymId|Factset Regional Security Identifier|   |orgId|Unique identifier assigned by Truvalue that is applied on an organization level |   |date|Date for the period requested in YYYY-MM-DD format.|   |spotlightId|Unique identifier identifying a Spotlight ESG event that is detected at the company level, within a single category.|   |groupId|Unique identifier  identifying a Spotlight group using the Spotlight ID of the Primary Spotlight.|   |requestId|Identifier that was used for the request.|    &lt;h3&gt;SDG Spotlights Fields&lt;/h3&gt;     |field|description|   |----|----|   |orgName|The current name of the organization according to Truvalue (not point-in-time)|   |primarySpotlight|Value indicating the primary Spotlight in a Spotlight Group. It could be either \&quot;Yes\&quot; or \&quot;No\&quot;.|   |spotlightCategory|SDG category tagged to each Spotlight.|    |status|Indicates status of a spotlight, which can be one of Completed or Ongoing. |   |removed|Displays the date a Spotlight was removed from the dataset, if it has been removed.|    |startDate|Date when a Spotlight has met the volume threshold for Spotlight consideration. Score and volume change metadata are associated with this date.|   |liveDate|Date when a Spotlight meets confidence threshold and is considered a Spotlight. This date should never precede start_date. |             |firstArticleDate|Date of earliest article in the Spotlight as of the Start Date. |   |finalArticleDate|Date of final article in the Spotlight. This value can change over the course of the Spotlight until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|       |organizationVolumeThreshold| The article volume needed to create a Spotlight, as set by the company&#39;s overall volume level classification on the Start Date. |    |totalSpotlightVolume|Total number of articles in the Spotlight. This number will change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|             |startDateVolume|Number of articles in the Spotlight on the Start Date when it met the volume threshold. Does not include the number of articles that were added to the Spotlight after the Spotlight Start Date.|   |primaryArticleSource|Source of the primary article.|    |primaryArticleUrl|URL of the primary article.|              |primaryArticleHeadline|Headline of primary Spotlight article.|             |primaryArticleBulletpoints|Bullet points summarizing the primary article. |   |meanArtScoreFinalDate|Average score of articles in Spotlight on Final Article Date. This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|      |meanArtScoreStartDate|Average score of articles in Spotlight on Start Date. This score will not change throughout the history of the spotlight.|             |meanPulseScore|Average of pulse scores for each day from First Article Date to Final Article Date, including scores for both Start Date and Final Article Date.|   |pulseBeforeFirstArticle|Pulse score for category at end-of-day on day before the First Article Date. |              |pulseOnFinalArticleDate|Pulse score for category at the end-of-day on the Final Article Date.|             |pulseOnStartDate|Pulse score for the category at the end-of-day on the Start Date. |   |zScoreOnFinalDate|Z-score for Spotlight as of Final Article Date. This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|          |zScoreOnStartDate|Z-score for Spotlight as of Start Date. This score will not change throughout the history of the spotlight.|   |standoutLvlOnFinalDate|Describes if the spotlight is a High, Medium, or Low standout spotlight.  This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|    |standoutLvlOnStartDate|Describes if the spotlight is a High, Medium, or Low standout spotlight.|             | [optional] 
 **primaryOnly** | **Boolean**| This parameter would return only primary spotlights when set to &#x60;true&#x60;  | [optional] [default to true]
 **isRemoved** | **Boolean**| This parameter would return the spotlights removed in the response(i.e. Spotlight is marked as Rejected but has a firstApprovedOnDate))when set to &#x60;true&#x60; Only Spotlights that are marked as approved will be returned when set to &#x60;false&#x60;  | [optional] [default to false]

### Return type

[**SpotlightsResponse**](SpotlightsResponse.md)

### Authorization

[FactSetApiKey](../README.md#FactSetApiKey), [FactSetOAuth2](../README.md#FactSetOAuth2)

### HTTP request headers

- **Content-Type**: Not defined
- **Accept**: application/json


## getSdgSpotlightsForList

> SpotlightsResponse getSdgSpotlightsForList(sdgSpotlightsRequest)

Gets Spotlight data for the most important positive and negative ESG events to enable timely and systematic trading strategies and portfolio management

FactSet ESG by Truvalue Labs’ Spotlight Data solutions are a daily collection of the most important positive and negative ESG events detected by our algorithms, with a variety of quantitative metadata to enable timely and systematic trading strategies and portfolio management. Qualitive informational data points such as the headline and key bullet points for articles is also included. reporting is sparse. 

### Example

```javascript
const { ApiClient, SpotlightsApi } = require('@factset/sdk-factsetesg');
const { ConfidentialClient } = require('@factset/sdk-utils');

const apiClient = ApiClient.instance;

// Examples for each supported authentication method are below,
// choose one that satisfies your use case.

// (Preferred) OAuth 2.0: FactSetOAuth2
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk#oauth-20
// for information on how to create the app-config.json file
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk-utils-typescript#authentication
// for more information on using the ConfidentialClient class
apiClient.factsetOauth2Client = new ConfidentialClient('/path/to/app-config.json');

// Basic authentication: FactSetApiKey
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk#api-key
// for information how to create an API key
// const FactSetApiKey = apiClient.authentications['FactSetApiKey'];
// FactSetApiKey.username = 'USERNAME-SERIAL';
// FactSetApiKey.password = 'API-KEY';

const apiInstance = new SpotlightsApi();
const sdgSpotlightsRequest = new factsetesg.SdgSpotlightsRequest(); // SdgSpotlightsRequest | The SDG Article metadata like Dates, Headlines, Articles, Volume

// Call api endpoint
apiInstance.getSdgSpotlightsForList(sdgSpotlightsRequest).then(
  data => {

    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data:');
    console.log(data);
  },
  error => {
    console.error(error);
  },
);

```


### Parameters


Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **sdgSpotlightsRequest** | [**SdgSpotlightsRequest**](SdgSpotlightsRequest.md)| The SDG Article metadata like Dates, Headlines, Articles, Volume | 

### Return type

[**SpotlightsResponse**](SpotlightsResponse.md)

### Authorization

[FactSetApiKey](../README.md#FactSetApiKey), [FactSetOAuth2](../README.md#FactSetOAuth2)

### HTTP request headers

- **Content-Type**: application/json
- **Accept**: application/json

