# FieldsSdgSpotlights

Request available SDG Spotlights data fields to be included in the response. Default is all fields. _fsymId_,_orgId_, _date_, _spotlightId_, _groupId_ and _requestId_ are always included.     |field|description|   |----|----|   |orgId|Unique identifier assigned by Truvalue that is applied on an organization level |   |spotlightId|Unique identifier assigned by Truvalue identifying a Spotlight ESG event that is detected at the company level, within a single category. |   |orgName|The current name of the organization according to Truvalue (not point-in-time)|   |groupId|Unique identifier assigned by Truvalue identifying a Spotlight group using the Spotlight ID of the Primary Spotlight. |   |primarySpotlight|Value indicating the primary Spotlight in a Spotlight Group. It could be either \"Yes\" or \"No\".|   |spotlightCategory|SDG category tagged to each Spotlight.|    |status|Indicates status of a spotlight, which can be one of Completed or Ongoing. |   |removed|Displays the date a Spotlight was removed from the dataset, if it has been removed.|    |startDate|Date when a Spotlight has met the volume threshold for Spotlight consideration. Score and volume change metadata are associated with this date.|   |liveDate|Date when a Spotlight meets confidence threshold and is considered a Spotlight. This date should never precede start_date. |             |firstArticleDate|Date of earliest article in the Spotlight as of the Start Date. |   |finalArticleDate|Date of final article in the Spotlight. This value can change over the course of the Spotlight until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|       |organizationalVolumeThreshold| The article volume needed to create a Spotlight, as set by the company's overall volume level classification on the Start Date. |    |totalSpotlightVolume|Total number of articles in the Spotlight. This number will change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|             |startDateVolume|Number of articles in the Spotlight on the Start Date when it met the volume threshold. Does not include the number of articles that were added to the Spotlight after the Spotlight Start Date.|   |primaryArticleSource|Source of the primary article.|    |primaryArticleUrl|URL of the primary article.|              |primaryArticleHeadline|Headline of primary Spotlight article.|             |primaryArticleBulletpoints|Bullet points summarizing the primary article. |   |meanArtScoreFinalDate|Average score of articles in Spotlight on Final Article Date. This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|      |meanArtScoreStartDate|Average score of articles in Spotlight on Start Date. This score will not change throughout the history of the spotlight.|             |meanPulseScore|Average of pulse scores for each day from First Article Date to Final Article Date, including scores for both Start Date and Final Article Date.|   |primaryArticleSource|Headline of primary Spotlight article.|    |pulseBeforeFirstArticle|Pulse score for category at end-of-day on day before the First Article Date. |              |pulseOnFinalArticleDate|Pulse score for category at the end-of-day on the Final Article Date.|             |pulseOnStartDate|Pulse score for the category at the end-of-day on the Start Date. |   |zScoreOnFinalDate|Z-score for Spotlight as of Final Article Date. This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|          |zScoreOnStartDate|Z-score for Spotlight as of Start Date. This score will not change throughout the history of the spotlight.|   |startoutLvlOnFinalDate|Describes if the spotlight is a High, Medium, or Low standout spotlight.  This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|    |startoutLvlOnStartDate|Describes if the spotlight is a High, Medium, or Low standout spotlight.|           

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**value** | **[str]** | Request available SDG Spotlights data fields to be included in the response. Default is all fields. _fsymId_,_orgId_, _date_, _spotlightId_, _groupId_ and _requestId_ are always included.     |field|description|   |----|----|   |orgId|Unique identifier assigned by Truvalue that is applied on an organization level |   |spotlightId|Unique identifier assigned by Truvalue identifying a Spotlight ESG event that is detected at the company level, within a single category. |   |orgName|The current name of the organization according to Truvalue (not point-in-time)|   |groupId|Unique identifier assigned by Truvalue identifying a Spotlight group using the Spotlight ID of the Primary Spotlight. |   |primarySpotlight|Value indicating the primary Spotlight in a Spotlight Group. It could be either \&quot;Yes\&quot; or \&quot;No\&quot;.|   |spotlightCategory|SDG category tagged to each Spotlight.|    |status|Indicates status of a spotlight, which can be one of Completed or Ongoing. |   |removed|Displays the date a Spotlight was removed from the dataset, if it has been removed.|    |startDate|Date when a Spotlight has met the volume threshold for Spotlight consideration. Score and volume change metadata are associated with this date.|   |liveDate|Date when a Spotlight meets confidence threshold and is considered a Spotlight. This date should never precede start_date. |             |firstArticleDate|Date of earliest article in the Spotlight as of the Start Date. |   |finalArticleDate|Date of final article in the Spotlight. This value can change over the course of the Spotlight until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|       |organizationalVolumeThreshold| The article volume needed to create a Spotlight, as set by the company&#39;s overall volume level classification on the Start Date. |    |totalSpotlightVolume|Total number of articles in the Spotlight. This number will change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|             |startDateVolume|Number of articles in the Spotlight on the Start Date when it met the volume threshold. Does not include the number of articles that were added to the Spotlight after the Spotlight Start Date.|   |primaryArticleSource|Source of the primary article.|    |primaryArticleUrl|URL of the primary article.|              |primaryArticleHeadline|Headline of primary Spotlight article.|             |primaryArticleBulletpoints|Bullet points summarizing the primary article. |   |meanArtScoreFinalDate|Average score of articles in Spotlight on Final Article Date. This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|      |meanArtScoreStartDate|Average score of articles in Spotlight on Start Date. This score will not change throughout the history of the spotlight.|             |meanPulseScore|Average of pulse scores for each day from First Article Date to Final Article Date, including scores for both Start Date and Final Article Date.|   |primaryArticleSource|Headline of primary Spotlight article.|    |pulseBeforeFirstArticle|Pulse score for category at end-of-day on day before the First Article Date. |              |pulseOnFinalArticleDate|Pulse score for category at the end-of-day on the Final Article Date.|             |pulseOnStartDate|Pulse score for the category at the end-of-day on the Start Date. |   |zScoreOnFinalDate|Z-score for Spotlight as of Final Article Date. This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|          |zScoreOnStartDate|Z-score for Spotlight as of Start Date. This score will not change throughout the history of the spotlight.|   |startoutLvlOnFinalDate|Describes if the spotlight is a High, Medium, or Low standout spotlight.  This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as completed.|    |startoutLvlOnStartDate|Describes if the spotlight is a High, Medium, or Low standout spotlight.|            | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


