# SasbScoreTypes

The FactSet Truvalue Score types being requested. Score Types include the Pulse, Insight, Momentum, Article Volume, Category Volume, Dynamic Materiality Score, Adjusted Insight, and Industry Percentile. When left blank all score types will be returned for the requested Id. To specify select scores returned in the response, provide a comma-separated list of the scores using the description below. <p>These scores use the same underlying data and 100-point scale, except for ranks and percentiles. The cognitive computing system behind FactSet's Truvalue Platform uses natural language processing to interpret semantic content and generate analytics. It does so by applying criteria that are consistent with established sustainability and ESG frameworks, scoring data points on performance using a 0 to 100 scale. A score of 50 represents a neutral impact. Scores above 50 indicate positive performance, and scores below reflect negative performance.</p>  ### ESG Score Types  |**SASB Category Input**|**Description**| |---|---| |**PULSE**|*Pulse Score*, is a measure of near-term performance changes that highlights opportunities and controversies, enabling real-time monitoring of companies. It focuses on events of the day and provides a responsive signal to alert investors to dynamic moves.| |**INSIGHT**|*Insight Score*, a measure of a company's longer-term ESG track record, similar to a ratings system. Scores are less sensitive to daily events and reflect the enduring performance record of a company over time. Scores are derived using an exponentially-weighted moving average of the Pulse, defined below, and the half-life of an event's influence on the overall score is 6 months.| |**MOMENTUM**|*Momentum Score*, measures the trend of a company's Insight score. It is a unique ESG metric in the industry that gives investors a high-precision view of the trajectory of a company's ESG performance, relative to peers. It does so by precisely articulating upward or downward movement, relative to that of all others in the universe, making it a measure that enhances quantitative workflows.| |**ART_VOL_TTM**|*Article Volume Score*, measures the information flow or number of articles about a company over the past 12 months.| |**CAT_VOL_TTM**|*Category Volume Score*, returns the total number of times any of the 26 categories received a score over a trailing twelve-month (TTM) period of time.| |**DYNAMIC_MAT**|*Dynamic Materiality Score*, shows the percentage value of data flow by category compared with the total data flow for the organization **(NOT VALID for `ALLCATEGORIES` and `MATERIALITY` category types).**| |**ADJ_INSIGHT**|*Adjusted Insight*, Measures company ESG performance, generating scores for lower-volume and zero-volume firms by blending company scores with industry medians. **(ONLY Vaild for `ALLCATEGORIES` and `MATERIALITY` categories). <p>**Adjusted Insight Score = (# of articles / 5) x Company Insight Score + ((5 - # of articles) / 5) x Industry (or Sector) Median Insight Score.</p>| |**IND_PCTL**|*Industry Percentile*, offers context on company Adjusted Insight scores relative to peers in the same SICS Industry. This value is used to establish the textual ESG Rank. **(ONLY Vaild for `ALLCATEGORIES` and `MATERIALITY` categories).**|  ### Helper Input **ALL**= *Ability to fetch all of the \"scoreTypes\" listed above in a simplified query.* This is used by default and removes the need to explitly request each scoreType in the list. 

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**value** | **[str]** | The FactSet Truvalue Score types being requested. Score Types include the Pulse, Insight, Momentum, Article Volume, Category Volume, Dynamic Materiality Score, Adjusted Insight, and Industry Percentile. When left blank all score types will be returned for the requested Id. To specify select scores returned in the response, provide a comma-separated list of the scores using the description below. &lt;p&gt;These scores use the same underlying data and 100-point scale, except for ranks and percentiles. The cognitive computing system behind FactSet&#39;s Truvalue Platform uses natural language processing to interpret semantic content and generate analytics. It does so by applying criteria that are consistent with established sustainability and ESG frameworks, scoring data points on performance using a 0 to 100 scale. A score of 50 represents a neutral impact. Scores above 50 indicate positive performance, and scores below reflect negative performance.&lt;/p&gt;  ### ESG Score Types  |**SASB Category Input**|**Description**| |---|---| |**PULSE**|*Pulse Score*, is a measure of near-term performance changes that highlights opportunities and controversies, enabling real-time monitoring of companies. It focuses on events of the day and provides a responsive signal to alert investors to dynamic moves.| |**INSIGHT**|*Insight Score*, a measure of a company&#39;s longer-term ESG track record, similar to a ratings system. Scores are less sensitive to daily events and reflect the enduring performance record of a company over time. Scores are derived using an exponentially-weighted moving average of the Pulse, defined below, and the half-life of an event&#39;s influence on the overall score is 6 months.| |**MOMENTUM**|*Momentum Score*, measures the trend of a company&#39;s Insight score. It is a unique ESG metric in the industry that gives investors a high-precision view of the trajectory of a company&#39;s ESG performance, relative to peers. It does so by precisely articulating upward or downward movement, relative to that of all others in the universe, making it a measure that enhances quantitative workflows.| |**ART_VOL_TTM**|*Article Volume Score*, measures the information flow or number of articles about a company over the past 12 months.| |**CAT_VOL_TTM**|*Category Volume Score*, returns the total number of times any of the 26 categories received a score over a trailing twelve-month (TTM) period of time.| |**DYNAMIC_MAT**|*Dynamic Materiality Score*, shows the percentage value of data flow by category compared with the total data flow for the organization **(NOT VALID for &#x60;ALLCATEGORIES&#x60; and &#x60;MATERIALITY&#x60; category types).**| |**ADJ_INSIGHT**|*Adjusted Insight*, Measures company ESG performance, generating scores for lower-volume and zero-volume firms by blending company scores with industry medians. **(ONLY Vaild for &#x60;ALLCATEGORIES&#x60; and &#x60;MATERIALITY&#x60; categories). &lt;p&gt;**Adjusted Insight Score &#x3D; (# of articles / 5) x Company Insight Score + ((5 - # of articles) / 5) x Industry (or Sector) Median Insight Score.&lt;/p&gt;| |**IND_PCTL**|*Industry Percentile*, offers context on company Adjusted Insight scores relative to peers in the same SICS Industry. This value is used to establish the textual ESG Rank. **(ONLY Vaild for &#x60;ALLCATEGORIES&#x60; and &#x60;MATERIALITY&#x60; categories).**|  ### Helper Input **ALL**&#x3D; *Ability to fetch all of the \&quot;scoreTypes\&quot; listed above in a simplified query.* This is used by default and removes the need to explitly request each scoreType in the list.  | defaults to ["ALL"]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


