# TimeSeriesResultObjectFlattened

 Data model returned when the parameter **flatten=Y** is used in the request. This flattened, simplified JSON output returned from **flatten=Y** can be conceptualized as a table (rows and columns) where each data object in the result is a row in the table and each field names is a column name. The response will contain at least one data object for each requestId containing the requestId, fsymId (if requested), date (if applicable) and Key-Value pairs for each data item (formula). The number of data objects (rows) per requestId is dependent the the objectTypes of the formulas requested.  --- Formulas that have associated dates (TIMESERIES objectType in the standard **flatten=N** response model) will result in a data object for each date for each requestId.  **flatten=N TIMESERIES Representation** ```json [   {     \"requestId\": \"id\",     \"formula\": \"formulaName1\",     \"result\": {         \"values\": [a,b],         \"dates\": [DATE1,DATE2]       },     \"objectType\": \"TIMESERIES\",     \"dataType\": \"DOUBLE\"   },   {     \"requestId\": \"id\",     \"formula\": \"formulaName2\",     \"result\": {         \"values\": [c,d],         \"dates\": [DATE2,DATE3]       },     \"objectType\": \"TIMESERIES\",     \"dataType\": \"DOUBLE\"   } ] ```  **flatten=Y TIMESERIES Representation** ```json [   {     \"requestId\": \"id\",     \"formulaName1\": a,     \"formulaName2\": null,     \"date\": DATE1   },   {     \"requestId\": \"id\",     \"formulaName1\": b,     \"formulaName2\": c,     \"date\": DATE2   },   {     \"requestId\": \"id\",     \"formulaName1\": null,     \"formulaName2\": d,     \"date\": DATE3   } ] ``` ---  Formulas that result in an array (no associated dates, ARRAY objectType in the standard **flatten=N** response model) can be thought of as a column in a table. Each element in the array will be in a separate data object. The first element of the array starts in the first data object for that requestId and then then the second element of the array in the second data object for that requestId and so on (regardless of dates from other formulas).  **flatten=N ARRAY Representation** ```json [   {     \"requestId\": \"id\",     \"formula\": \"formulaName\",     \"result\": [a,b,c],     \"objectType\": \"ARRAY\",     \"dataType\": \"DOUBLE\"   } ] ```  **flatten=Y ARRAY Representation** ```json [   {     \"requestId\": \"id\",     \"formulaName\": a,   },   {     \"requestId\": \"id\",     \"formulaName\": b,   },   {     \"requestId\": \"id\",     \"formulaName\": c,   } ] ``` --- Scalar data items (SCALAR objectType in the standard **flatten=N** response model) will be repeated in each data object for the requestId.  **flatten=N SCALAR Representation** ```json [   {     \"requestId\": \"id\",     \"formula\": \"formulaName\",     \"result\": a,     \"objectType\": \"ARRAY\",     \"dataType\": \"DOUBLE\"   } ] ```  **flatten=Y SCALAR Representation** ```json [   {     \"requestId\": \"id\",     \"formulaName\": a,   } ] ``` --- Formulas that result in a matrix (2 dimensional array, MATRIX objectType in the standard **flatten=N** response model) can be thought of as returning a table where each array in the array of arrays is a row in the table. This can be extended to the flattened result structure where each data object is a row in a table.  The formula will have as many attributes (appended by [n]) as number of columns in the matrix result.  **flatten=N MATRIX Representation** ```json [   {     \"requestId\": \"id\"     \"formula\": \"formulaName\",     \"result\": [         [a,b,c],         [d,e,f]       ],     \"objectType\": \"MATRIX\",     \"dataType\": \"DOUBLE\"   } ] ```  **flatten=Y MATRIX Representation** ```json [   {     \"requestId\": \"id\"     \"formulaName[0]\": a,     \"formulaName[1]\": b,     \"formulaName[2]\": c   },   {     \"requestId\": \"id\"     \"formulaName[0]\": d,     \"formulaName[1]\": e,     \"formulaName[2]\": f   } ] ``` --- 

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**request_id** | **str** | Identifier requested. | 
**fsym_id** | **str, none_type** | The **fsymId** field returned is the FactSet Default Permanent Identifier for the &#x60;requestId&#x60;. For all supported &#x60;requestId&#x60; symbol types, the &#x60;fsymId&#x60; parameter will return the Regional Level PermId &#39;-R&#39; which identifies the security’s best regional security data series per currency. Currently, the fsymId parameter only supports equities. Accepted &#x60;requestId&#x60; symbol types include all FactSet Permanent Identifiers types, CUSIP, SEDOL, ISIN, and Tickers. Further documentation can be found at this [Online Assistant attachment](https://oa.apps.factset.com/cms/oaAttachment/64c3213a-f415-4c27-a336-92c73a72deed/24881). Included only if the &#x60;fsymId&#x60; parameter is set to Y.  | [optional] 
**date** | **date, none_type** | Date associated with FQL formula. | [optional] 
**any string name** | [**TimeSeriesResultObjectFlattenedAddl**](TimeSeriesResultObjectFlattenedAddl.md) | any string name can be used but the value must be the correct type | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


