# Fields

Request available Scores data fields to be included in the response.  Default is all fields and the available options are:<br> TOPLEVEL, PILLARS, DIMENSIONS, SASBCATEGORIES, TOPLEVEL AND PILLARS, TOPLEVEL AND SASBCATEGORIES.   ### Truvalue Fields |**Truvalue Fields Inputs**|**Description**| |---|---| |**TOPLEVEL**| This category represents a comprehensive overview of a company's Truvalue Score by integrating two key perspectives: ALLCATEGORIES and MATERIALITY.| ||**ALLCATEGORIES**  represents a company's overall Truvalue Score for the specific 'scoreType'. This value is equal to the cumulative average of all 26 SASB categories for the specific 'scoreType'. **Note** that category is not available for the Dynamic Materiality 'scoreType'. ||**MATERIALITY**  represents a composite score of all 'material' SASB categories for the given entity.| |**PILLARS**| Pillars are high-level categorizations of **Environmental, Social, and Governance** factors used to organize and group the 26 SASB categories. The three main pillars are Environmental, Social, and Governance. Each pillar encompasses several SASB categories that are thematically related. Pillars provide a broad framework for understanding and assessing a company's SASB performance and risks across these three fundamental areas.| |**DIMENSIONS**|Dimensions offer a more nuanced classification system for the 26 SASB categories, breaking them down into five distinct areas: **Environment, Business Model and Innovation, Human Capital, Leadership and Governance, and Social Capital**. This framework provides a more detailed and comprehensive view of a company's sustainability related activities, allowing for a more granular analysis of performance and risk across these five key dimensions of business operations and impact.| |**SASBCATEGORIES**| The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) has developed a comprehensive set of 26 sustainability-related business topics, often referred to as general sustainability issues. These categories are integral to SASB's Materiality Map, which identifies the Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) issues most likely to be material for companies across different industries. The categories span crucial areas such as Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Air Quality, Energy Management, Water and Waste Management, Ecological Impacts, Human Rights, Labor Practices, Product Safety, Data Security, Business Ethics, and Systemic Risk Management, among others. Each category is crafted to capture specific sustainability risks and opportunities that may impact a company's financial condition, operating performance, or risk profile. By providing a standardized framework and leveraging the Materiality Map, SASB facilitates more effective communication between companies and investors regarding the sustainability matters most pertinent to financial performance. | 

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**value** | **[str]** | Request available Scores data fields to be included in the response.  Default is all fields and the available options are:&lt;br&gt; TOPLEVEL, PILLARS, DIMENSIONS, SASBCATEGORIES, TOPLEVEL AND PILLARS, TOPLEVEL AND SASBCATEGORIES.   ### Truvalue Fields |**Truvalue Fields Inputs**|**Description**| |---|---| |**TOPLEVEL**| This category represents a comprehensive overview of a company&#39;s Truvalue Score by integrating two key perspectives: ALLCATEGORIES and MATERIALITY.| ||**ALLCATEGORIES**  represents a company&#39;s overall Truvalue Score for the specific &#39;scoreType&#39;. This value is equal to the cumulative average of all 26 SASB categories for the specific &#39;scoreType&#39;. **Note** that category is not available for the Dynamic Materiality &#39;scoreType&#39;. ||**MATERIALITY**  represents a composite score of all &#39;material&#39; SASB categories for the given entity.| |**PILLARS**| Pillars are high-level categorizations of **Environmental, Social, and Governance** factors used to organize and group the 26 SASB categories. The three main pillars are Environmental, Social, and Governance. Each pillar encompasses several SASB categories that are thematically related. Pillars provide a broad framework for understanding and assessing a company&#39;s SASB performance and risks across these three fundamental areas.| |**DIMENSIONS**|Dimensions offer a more nuanced classification system for the 26 SASB categories, breaking them down into five distinct areas: **Environment, Business Model and Innovation, Human Capital, Leadership and Governance, and Social Capital**. This framework provides a more detailed and comprehensive view of a company&#39;s sustainability related activities, allowing for a more granular analysis of performance and risk across these five key dimensions of business operations and impact.| |**SASBCATEGORIES**| The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) has developed a comprehensive set of 26 sustainability-related business topics, often referred to as general sustainability issues. These categories are integral to SASB&#39;s Materiality Map, which identifies the Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) issues most likely to be material for companies across different industries. The categories span crucial areas such as Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Air Quality, Energy Management, Water and Waste Management, Ecological Impacts, Human Rights, Labor Practices, Product Safety, Data Security, Business Ethics, and Systemic Risk Management, among others. Each category is crafted to capture specific sustainability risks and opportunities that may impact a company&#39;s financial condition, operating performance, or risk profile. By providing a standardized framework and leveraging the Materiality Map, SASB facilitates more effective communication between companies and investors regarding the sustainability matters most pertinent to financial performance. |  | defaults to ["TOPLEVEL","PILLARS","DIMENSIONS","SASBCATEGORIES"]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


