# FieldsCorporateActions

Request available Corporate Actions data fields to be included in the response. Default is all fields. _fsymId_, _effectiveDate_, _eventTypeCode_ and _requestId_ are always included.    |field|description|   |---|---|   |fsymId|Factset Regional Security Identifier|   |eventTypeCode|Character code that denotes the type of event|   |effectiveDate|The date when security is traded ex-dividend|   |requestId|Identifier that was used for the request.|  <h3>Common Fields</h3>   |field|description|   |---|---|   |eventId|Uniquely Identifies the event|   |eventTypeDesc|Description of the type of event|   |divTypeCode|Dividend type code. [OA#8764](https://my.apps.factset.com/oa/pages/8764)|   |announcementDate|Date the event was publicly announced|   |recordDate|Record date of the event|   |payDate|Payment date of the event| <h3>Dividend Fields</h3>   |field|description|   |---|---|   |currency|Currency ISO code associated with distribution amount converted into trading currency of the record.|   |amtDefNetGrossIndicator|Indicates whether the default amount is net or gross. G=Gross; N=Net.|   |amtDefTradingAdj|Cash distribution amount (net or gross) in the trading currency of the record. Amount is translated to the trading currency based on the exchange rate as of the effective date. The value is adjusted for splits.|   |amtDefTradingUnadj|Cash distribution amount (net or gross) in the trading currency of the record. Amount is translated to the trading currency based on the exchange rate as of the effective date. The value is not adjusted for splits. |   |amtNetTradingAdj|Net distribution amount in the trading currency of the record. Amount is translated to the trading currency based on the exchange rate as of the effective date.  The value is adjusted for splits.|   |amtNetTradingUnadj|Net distribution amount in the trading currency of the record. Amount is translated to the trading currency based on the exchange rate as of the effective date. The value is not adjusted for splits.|   |amtGrossTradingAdj|Gross distribution amount in the trading currency of the record. Amount is translated to the trading currency based on the exchange rate as of the effective date. The value is adjusted for splits.|   |amtGrossTradingUnadj|Gross distribution amount in the trading currency of the record. Amount is translated to the trading currency based on the exchange rate as of the effective date. The value is not adjusted for splits.|   |declaredCurrency|Currency ISO code associated with the declared amount. |   |amtDefDecAdj|Cash distribution amount (net or gross) in the currency it was declared in. The value is adjusted for splits.|   |amtDefDecUnadj|Cash distribution amount (net or gross) in the currency it was declared in. The value is not adjusted for splits.|   |amtNetDecAdj|Net cash distribution amount in the currency it was declared in. The value is adjusted for splits. |   |amtNetDecUnadj|Net cash distribution amount in the currency it was declared in. The value is not adjusted for splits.|   |amtGrossDecAdj|Gross cash distribution amount in the currency it was declared in. N/A is returned if the gross amount is not available. The value is adjusted for splits.|   |amtGrossDecUnadj|Gross cash distribution amount in the currency it was declared in. The value is not adjusted for splits.|   |dividendStatus|Identifies the cancelled dividents and helps to evaluate their price and portfolio performance.|   |dividendActiveFlag|Identifies whether the dividend record is currently active(1) or inactive(0).Its applicable to Dividend(DVC) and Dividend with DRP option(DVCD)|   |dividendsSpecFlag|Indicates a special price implications exists, which may or may not include special dividends. Indicates whether an adjustment should be made to historical pricing.|   |frankDefTradingAdj|Split amount of dividend that is franked (subject to tax credit). Published in the trading currency of the input ID.Amount is translated to the trading currency based on the exchange rate as of the effective date. **Only applicable for Australian Securities**.|   |frankDefTradingUnadj|Unsplit amount of dividend that is franked (subject to tax credit). Published in the trading currency of the input ID.Amount is translated to the trading currency based on the exchange rate as of the effective date. **Only applicable for Australian Securities**.|   |frankDefDecAdj|Split amount of dividend that is franked (subject to tax credit). Published in the currency the dividend was declared in.**Only applicable for Australian Securities**.|   |frankDefDecUnadj|Unsplit amount of dividend that is franked (subject to tax credit). Published in the currency the dividend was declared in.**Only applicable for Australian Securities**.|   |frankPct|Percent of total dividend that is franked (subject to tax credit). **Only applicable for Australian Securities**.|             |taxRate|Domestic Withholding Tax Rate for a Resident Individual| <h3>Distribution Fields</h3>   |field|description|   |---|---|   |adjFactor|Factor applied to adjust historical prices. Calculation formulas are available on [OA#12619](https://my.apps.factset.com/oa/pages/12619)|   |adjFactorCombined|Combined adjustment factor for all distribution events on that day.|   |amtDefTradingAdj|Cash distribution amount (net or gross) in the trading currency of the record. Amount is translated to the trading currency based on the exchange rate as of the effective date. The value is adjusted for splits.|   |amtDefTradingUnadj|Cash distribution amount (net or gross) in the trading currency of the record. Amount is translated to the trading currency based on the exchange rate as of the effective date. The value is not adjusted for splits. |   |currency|Currency ISO code associated with distribution amount converted into trading currency of the record.|   |distPct|Distribution percentage of the event  (i.e. 10%). Typical for stock distributions.|   |distOldTerm|Component of distribution ratio- Number of shares held.|   |distNewTerm|Component of distribution ratio - Number of shares received.|   |rightsIssuePrice|Price of the rights issue. |   |rightsIssueCurrency|Currency the rights issue price was declared in.|   |shortDesc|Textual description identifying the event. Example- Split (Mandatory): 3 for 1.| <h3>Splits Fields</h3>   |field|description|   |---|---|   |adjFactor|Distribution percentage of the event  (i.e. 10%). Typical for stock distributions.|   |adjFactorCombined|Combined adjustment factor for all distribution events on that day.|   |distOldTerm|Component of distribution ratio- Number of shares held.|   |distNewTerm|Component of distribution ratio - Number of shares received.|   |distInstFsymId|Helps to identify an instrument representing the distributed company or security associated with ca event identifier. Its applicable for types like Bonus issue(BNS),Stock dividend(DVS),Rights issue (DSR), and spin off(SPO). |   |shortDesc|Textual description identifying the event. Example- Split (Mandatory): 3 for 1.| 

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**value** | **[str]** | Request available Corporate Actions data fields to be included in the response. Default is all fields. _fsymId_, _effectiveDate_, _eventTypeCode_ and _requestId_ are always included.    |field|description|   |---|---|   |fsymId|Factset Regional Security Identifier|   |eventTypeCode|Character code that denotes the type of event|   |effectiveDate|The date when security is traded ex-dividend|   |requestId|Identifier that was used for the request.|  &lt;h3&gt;Common Fields&lt;/h3&gt;   |field|description|   |---|---|   |eventId|Uniquely Identifies the event|   |eventTypeDesc|Description of the type of event|   |divTypeCode|Dividend type code. [OA#8764](https://my.apps.factset.com/oa/pages/8764)|   |announcementDate|Date the event was publicly announced|   |recordDate|Record date of the event|   |payDate|Payment date of the event| &lt;h3&gt;Dividend Fields&lt;/h3&gt;   |field|description|   |---|---|   |currency|Currency ISO code associated with distribution amount converted into trading currency of the record.|   |amtDefNetGrossIndicator|Indicates whether the default amount is net or gross. G&#x3D;Gross; N&#x3D;Net.|   |amtDefTradingAdj|Cash distribution amount (net or gross) in the trading currency of the record. Amount is translated to the trading currency based on the exchange rate as of the effective date. The value is adjusted for splits.|   |amtDefTradingUnadj|Cash distribution amount (net or gross) in the trading currency of the record. Amount is translated to the trading currency based on the exchange rate as of the effective date. The value is not adjusted for splits. |   |amtNetTradingAdj|Net distribution amount in the trading currency of the record. Amount is translated to the trading currency based on the exchange rate as of the effective date.  The value is adjusted for splits.|   |amtNetTradingUnadj|Net distribution amount in the trading currency of the record. Amount is translated to the trading currency based on the exchange rate as of the effective date. The value is not adjusted for splits.|   |amtGrossTradingAdj|Gross distribution amount in the trading currency of the record. Amount is translated to the trading currency based on the exchange rate as of the effective date. The value is adjusted for splits.|   |amtGrossTradingUnadj|Gross distribution amount in the trading currency of the record. Amount is translated to the trading currency based on the exchange rate as of the effective date. The value is not adjusted for splits.|   |declaredCurrency|Currency ISO code associated with the declared amount. |   |amtDefDecAdj|Cash distribution amount (net or gross) in the currency it was declared in. The value is adjusted for splits.|   |amtDefDecUnadj|Cash distribution amount (net or gross) in the currency it was declared in. The value is not adjusted for splits.|   |amtNetDecAdj|Net cash distribution amount in the currency it was declared in. The value is adjusted for splits. |   |amtNetDecUnadj|Net cash distribution amount in the currency it was declared in. The value is not adjusted for splits.|   |amtGrossDecAdj|Gross cash distribution amount in the currency it was declared in. N/A is returned if the gross amount is not available. The value is adjusted for splits.|   |amtGrossDecUnadj|Gross cash distribution amount in the currency it was declared in. The value is not adjusted for splits.|   |dividendStatus|Identifies the cancelled dividents and helps to evaluate their price and portfolio performance.|   |dividendActiveFlag|Identifies whether the dividend record is currently active(1) or inactive(0).Its applicable to Dividend(DVC) and Dividend with DRP option(DVCD)|   |dividendsSpecFlag|Indicates a special price implications exists, which may or may not include special dividends. Indicates whether an adjustment should be made to historical pricing.|   |frankDefTradingAdj|Split amount of dividend that is franked (subject to tax credit). Published in the trading currency of the input ID.Amount is translated to the trading currency based on the exchange rate as of the effective date. **Only applicable for Australian Securities**.|   |frankDefTradingUnadj|Unsplit amount of dividend that is franked (subject to tax credit). Published in the trading currency of the input ID.Amount is translated to the trading currency based on the exchange rate as of the effective date. **Only applicable for Australian Securities**.|   |frankDefDecAdj|Split amount of dividend that is franked (subject to tax credit). Published in the currency the dividend was declared in.**Only applicable for Australian Securities**.|   |frankDefDecUnadj|Unsplit amount of dividend that is franked (subject to tax credit). Published in the currency the dividend was declared in.**Only applicable for Australian Securities**.|   |frankPct|Percent of total dividend that is franked (subject to tax credit). **Only applicable for Australian Securities**.|             |taxRate|Domestic Withholding Tax Rate for a Resident Individual| &lt;h3&gt;Distribution Fields&lt;/h3&gt;   |field|description|   |---|---|   |adjFactor|Factor applied to adjust historical prices. Calculation formulas are available on [OA#12619](https://my.apps.factset.com/oa/pages/12619)|   |adjFactorCombined|Combined adjustment factor for all distribution events on that day.|   |amtDefTradingAdj|Cash distribution amount (net or gross) in the trading currency of the record. Amount is translated to the trading currency based on the exchange rate as of the effective date. The value is adjusted for splits.|   |amtDefTradingUnadj|Cash distribution amount (net or gross) in the trading currency of the record. Amount is translated to the trading currency based on the exchange rate as of the effective date. The value is not adjusted for splits. |   |currency|Currency ISO code associated with distribution amount converted into trading currency of the record.|   |distPct|Distribution percentage of the event  (i.e. 10%). Typical for stock distributions.|   |distOldTerm|Component of distribution ratio- Number of shares held.|   |distNewTerm|Component of distribution ratio - Number of shares received.|   |rightsIssuePrice|Price of the rights issue. |   |rightsIssueCurrency|Currency the rights issue price was declared in.|   |shortDesc|Textual description identifying the event. Example- Split (Mandatory): 3 for 1.| &lt;h3&gt;Splits Fields&lt;/h3&gt;   |field|description|   |---|---|   |adjFactor|Distribution percentage of the event  (i.e. 10%). Typical for stock distributions.|   |adjFactorCombined|Combined adjustment factor for all distribution events on that day.|   |distOldTerm|Component of distribution ratio- Number of shares held.|   |distNewTerm|Component of distribution ratio - Number of shares received.|   |distInstFsymId|Helps to identify an instrument representing the distributed company or security associated with ca event identifier. Its applicable for types like Bonus issue(BNS),Stock dividend(DVS),Rights issue (DSR), and spin off(SPO). |   |shortDesc|Textual description identifying the event. Example- Split (Mandatory): 3 for 1.|  | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


