# FamilyFilter

Highest Level Filter to search by common Benchmark Families, such as S&P, MSCI, or Russell. This will retrieve all related benchmark ids. For further filtering, use the response items such as the categoryDescription field. Leave blank if you wish to see a full sample list of ids. requested- * **CHINA & HK INDICES** - Major Hong Kong and China Indices, such as Hang Seng Index (HSI-HKX) * **DOW JONES** - Dow Jones Global, Regions, Countries, Titans. * **FACTSET MARKET INDICES** - Regional and Country Indices defined by FactSet * **FTSE** - FTSE Global, UK, Global All Cap, World, Xinhua, European, GWA, JSE, Multinationals, and Style indices * **GLOBAL INDICES** - A mix of major indices across the globe. * **MSCI** - MSCI All Country, Asia Pacific, Thematic & Strategy, Emerging, Developed, US. * **RUSSELL** - US, Global, and Nomura. * **S&P** - US, ASX, Select Industry, BMI, Global, Thematic, Emerging, TSX. * **STOXX** - Total Market, Europe, and Nordic * **TOPIX** - Topix Indices, such as TOPIX 500 (182301) 

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**value** | **str** | Highest Level Filter to search by common Benchmark Families, such as S&amp;P, MSCI, or Russell. This will retrieve all related benchmark ids. For further filtering, use the response items such as the categoryDescription field. Leave blank if you wish to see a full sample list of ids. requested- * **CHINA &amp; HK INDICES** - Major Hong Kong and China Indices, such as Hang Seng Index (HSI-HKX) * **DOW JONES** - Dow Jones Global, Regions, Countries, Titans. * **FACTSET MARKET INDICES** - Regional and Country Indices defined by FactSet * **FTSE** - FTSE Global, UK, Global All Cap, World, Xinhua, European, GWA, JSE, Multinationals, and Style indices * **GLOBAL INDICES** - A mix of major indices across the globe. * **MSCI** - MSCI All Country, Asia Pacific, Thematic &amp; Strategy, Emerging, Developed, US. * **RUSSELL** - US, Global, and Nomura. * **S&amp;P** - US, ASX, Select Industry, BMI, Global, Thematic, Emerging, TSX. * **STOXX** - Total Market, Europe, and Nordic * **TOPIX** - Topix Indices, such as TOPIX 500 (182301)  |  must be one of ["CHINA_HK_INDICES", "DOW_JONES", "FACTSET_MARKET_INDICES", "FTSE", "GLOBAL_INDICES", "MSCI", "RUSSELL", "SP", "STOXX", "TOPIX", ]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


