# factsetesg.TruvalueApi

All URIs are relative to *https://api.factset.com/content/factset-esg/v3*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**getSasbArticles**](TruvalueApi.md#getSasbArticles) | **GET** /truvalue/articles | Requests articles tagged with 26 SASB categories from 2016-01-01 to previous day.
[**getSasbArticlesForList**](TruvalueApi.md#getSasbArticlesForList) | **POST** /truvalue/articles | Requests articles tagged with 26 SASB categories from 2016-01-01 to previous day
[**getSasbScoresPost**](TruvalueApi.md#getSasbScoresPost) | **POST** /truvalue/scores | Requests a large list of ids, gets short-term, long-term, and momentum scores based on the 26 SASB categories, Pillars, Dimensions.
[**getSasbSpotlightsForList**](TruvalueApi.md#getSasbSpotlightsForList) | **POST** /truvalue/spotlights | Requests Spotlight data for the most important positive and negative events to enable timely and systematic trading strategies and portfolio management
[**getTVLScores**](TruvalueApi.md#getTVLScores) | **GET** /truvalue/scores | Requests short-term, long-term, and momentum scores based on the 26 SASB categories, Pillars, Dimensions.
[**getTvlSpotlights**](TruvalueApi.md#getTvlSpotlights) | **GET** /truvalue/spotlights | Requests spotlights tagged with 26 SASB categories, Pillars, Dimensions from 2016-01-01 to previous day 



## getSasbArticles

> TvlArticlesResponse getSasbArticles(ids, startDate, endDate, opts)

Requests articles tagged with 26 SASB categories from 2016-01-01 to previous day.

Articles endpoint allows to retrieve underlying news articles used by the AI engine to calculate the SASB Scores of companies and therefore provides SASB relevant news and also transparency into the SASB Scores. 

### Example

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The parameter variables defined below are just examples and may potentially contain non valid values. Please replace them with valid values.

#### Example Code

```javascript
const { ApiClient, TruvalueApi } = require('@factset/sdk-factsetesg');
const { ConfidentialClient } = require('@factset/sdk-utils');

const apiClient = ApiClient.instance;

// Examples for each supported authentication method are below,
// choose one that satisfies your use case.

// (Preferred) OAuth 2.0: FactSetOAuth2
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk#oauth-20
// for information on how to create the app-config.json file
//
// The confidential client instance should be reused in production environments.
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk-utils-typescript#authentication
// for more information on using the ConfidentialClient class
apiClient.factsetOauth2Client = new ConfidentialClient('/path/to/app-config.json');

// Basic authentication: FactSetApiKey
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk#api-key
// for information how to create an API key
// const FactSetApiKey = apiClient.authentications['FactSetApiKey'];
// FactSetApiKey.username = 'USERNAME-SERIAL';
// FactSetApiKey.password = 'API-KEY';

const apiInstance = new TruvalueApi();
const ids = ["AAPL-USA"]; // [String] | Security or Entity identifiers. FactSet Identifiers, tickers, CUSIP and SEDOL are accepted input. <p>***ids limit** =  1500 per request*</p> *<p>Make note, GET Method URL request lines are also limited to a total  length of 8192 bytes (8KB). In cases where the service allows for thousands of ids, which may lead to exceeding this request line limit of 8KB, its advised for any requests with large request lines to be requested through the respective \"POST\" method.</p>* 
const startDate = 2021-01-01; // Date | The start date requested for a given date range in YYYY-MM-DD format. The input start date must be before the input end date. Future dates (T+1) are not accepted in this endpoint. 
const endDate = 2021-10-30; // Date | The end date requested for a given date range in YYYY-MM-DD format. The input end date must be after the input start date. Future dates (T+1) are not accepted in this endpoint. 
const opts = {
  'dateOf': PUBLICATION, // String | Date of Publication or Ingestion   * **Publication:**  use for startDate and endDate the articles publication date   * **Ingestion:**  use for startDate and endDate the articles TVL first processing date    
  'fields': ["datePublication"], // [String] | Request available Articles data fields to be included in the response.  Default is all fields. `factsetEntityId` and `articleId` are always included.    <h3>Common Fields</h3>    |field|description|   |---|---|   |factsetEntityId|Factset Regional Security Identifier|   |articleId|Unique ID of the article assigned by Truvalue|               <h3>Articles Fields</h3>     |field|description|   |---|---|   |datePublication|Publication date of the article in YYYY-MM-DD format|   |dateIngestion|Date of the TVL article ingestion and processing|   |headlineEn|Title of the article|   |sourceName|Source of the article|   |articleCategory|Categories assigned by Truvalue|   |bulletsEn|AI-generated bullet point summary for each article. Note, including bullets increases response size drastically|   |author|Author of the article|   |url|URL of the article|   |sourceLang|Language code of the article|   |orgName|Organization name assigned by Truvalue|   |pillarsDimensions|Categorizes and tags the articles under 3-Pillars and 5-Dimensions| 
  'categories': ["AirQuality","BusinessEthics","CompetitiveBehavior"] // [String] | Comma separated list of one or more SASB category names as described below. The default value is **`AllCategories`**.   ### SASB Categories |**SASB Category Inputs**|**Description**| |---|---| |**AllCategories**|**AllCategories** - this category represents a company's overall SASB Score for the specific 'scoreType'. This value is equal to the cumulative average of all 26 SASB categories for the specific 'scoreType'.*Note that category is not available for the Dynamic Materiality 'scoreType'.| |**AccessAndAffordability**|**Access and Affordability** - The category addresses a company's ability to ensure broad access to its products and services, specifically in the context of underserved markets and/or population groups. It includes the management of issues related to universal needs, such as the accessibility and affordability of health care, financial services, utilities , education, and telecommunications.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar** - Social </p><p>**Dimension** - Social Capital </p>| |**AirQuality**|**Air Quality** - The category addresses management of air quality impacts resulting from stationary (e.g., factories, power plants) and mobile sources (e.g., trucks, delivery vehicles, planes) as well as industrial emissions. Relevant airborne pollutants include, but are not limited to, oxides of nitrogen (NOx), oxides of sulfur (SOx), volatile organic compounds (VOCs), heavy metals, particulate matter, and chlorofluorocarbons. The category does not include GHG emissions, which are addressed in a separate category.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension </p><p>**Pillar** - Environmental</p><p>**Dimension** - Environment </p>| |**BusinessEthics**|**Business Ethics** - The category addresses the company's approach to managing risks and opportunities surrounding ethical conduct of business, including fraud, corruption, bribery and facilitation payments, fiduciary responsibilities, and other behavior that may have an ethical component. This includes sensitivity to business norms and standards as they shift over time, jurisdiction, and culture. It addresses the company's ability to provide services that satisfy the highest professional and ethical standards of the industry, which means to avoid conflicts of interest, misrepresentation, bias, and negligence through training employees adequately and implementing policies and procedures to ensure employees provide services free from bias and error.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**     - Governance </p><p>**Dimension**   - Leadership and Governance </p>| |**BusinessModelResilience**|**Business Model Resilience** - The category addresses an industry's capacity to manage risks and opportunities associated with incorporating social, environmental, and political transitions into long-term business model planning. This includes responsiveness to the transition to a low-carbon and climate-constrained economy, as well as growth and creation of new markets among unserved and underserved socioeconomic populations. The category highlights industries in which evolving environmental and social realities may challenge companies to fundamentally adapt or may put their business models at risk.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension </p><p>**Pillar**     - Governance </p><p>**Dimension**   - Leadership and Governance </p>| |**CompetitiveBehavior**|**Competitive Behavior** - The category covers social issues associated with existence of monopolies, which may include, but are not limited to, excessive prices, poor quality of service, and inefficiencies. It addresses a company's management of legal and social expectation around monopolistic and anti-competitive practices, including issues related to bargaining power, collusion, price fixing or manipulation, and protection of patents and intellectual property (IP).<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Governance </p><p>**Dimension**     - Leadership and Governance </p>| |**CriticalIncidentRiskManagement**|**Critical Incident Risk Management** - The category addresses the company's use of management systems and scenario planning to identify, understand, and prevent or minimize the occurrence of low-probability, high-impact accidents and emergencies with significant potential environmental and social externalities. It relates to the culture of safety at a company, its relevant safety management systems and technological controls, the potential human, environmental, and social implications of such events occurring, and the long-term effects to an organization, its workers, and society should these events occur.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Governance </p><p>**Dimension**     - Leadership and Governance </p>| |**CustomerPrivacy**|**Customer Privacy** - The category addresses management of risks related to the use of personally identifiable information (PII) and other customer or user data for secondary purposes including but not limited to marketing through affiliates and non-affiliates. The scope of the category includes social issues that may arise from a company's approach to collecting data, obtaining consent (e.g., opt-in policies), managing user and customer expectations regarding how their data is used, and managing evolving regulation. It excludes social issues arising from cybersecurity risks, which are covered in a separate category.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Social </p><p>**Dimension**     - Social Capital</p>| |**CustomerWelfare**|**Customer Welfare** - The category addresses customer welfare concerns over issues including, but not limited to, health and nutrition of foods and beverages, antibiotic use in animal production, and management of controlled substances. The category addresses the company's ability to provide consumers with manufactured products and services that are aligned with societal expectations. It does not include issues directly related to quality and safety malfunctions of manufactured products and services, but instead addresses qualities inherent to the design and delivery of products and services where customer welfare may be in question. The scope of the category also captures companies' ability to prevent counterfeit products.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Social </p><p>**Dimension**     - Social Capital </p>| |**DataSecurity**|**Data Security** - The category addresses management of risks related to collection, retention, and use of sensitive, confidential, and/or proprietary customer or user data. It includes social issues that may arise from incidents such as data breaches in which personally identifiable information (PII) and other user or customer data may be exposed. It addresses a company's strategy, policies, and practices related to IT infrastructure, staff training, record keeping, cooperation with law enforcement, and other mechanisms used to ensure security of customer or user data.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Social</p><p>**Dimension**     - Social Capital </p>| |**EcologicalImpacts**|**Ecological Impacts** - The category addresses management of the company's impacts on ecosystems and biodiversity through activities including, but not limited to, land use for exploration, natural resource extraction, and cultivation, as well as project development, construction, and siting. The impacts include, but are not limited to, biodiversity loss, habitat destruction, and deforestation at all stages – planning, land acquisition, permitting, development, operations, and site remediation. The category does not cover impacts of climate change on ecosystems and biodiversity.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Environmental </p><p>**Dimension**     - Environment </p>| |**EmployeeEngagementDiversityAndInclusion**|**Employee Engagement Diversity and Inclusion** - The category addresses a company's ability to ensure that its culture and hiring and promotion practices embrace the building of a diverse and inclusive workforce that reflects the makeup of local talent pools and its customer base. It addresses the issues of discriminatory practices on the bases of race, gender, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, and other factors.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar** - Social</p><p>**Dimension** - Human Capital</p>| |**EmployeeHealthAndSafety**|**Employee Health and Safety** - The category addresses a company's ability to create and maintain a safe and healthy workplace environment that is free of injuries, fatalities, and illness (both chronic and acute). It is traditionally accomplished through implementing safety management plans, developing training requirements for employees and contractors, and conducting regular audits of their own practices as well as those of their subcontractors. The category further captures how companies ensure physical and mental health of workforce through technology, training, corporate culture, regulatory compliance, monitoring and testing, and personal protective equipment.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Social</p><p>**Dimension**     - Human Capital </p>| |**EnergyManagement**|**Energy Management** - The category addresses environmental impacts associated with energy consumption. It addresses the company's management of energy in manufacturing and/or for provision of products and services derived from utility providers (grid energy) not owned or controlled by the company. More specifically, it includes management of energy efficiency and intensity, energy mix, as well as grid reliance. Upstream (e.g., suppliers) and downstream (e.g., product use) energy use is not included in the scope.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Environmental </p><p>**Dimension**     - Environment </p>| |**GHGEmissions**|**Greenhouse Gas Emissions** - The category addresses direct (Scope 1) greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions that a company generates through its operations. This includes GHG emissions from stationary (e.g., factories, power plants) and mobile sources (e.g., trucks, delivery vehicles, planes), whether a result of combustion of fuel or non-combusted direct releases during activities such as natural resource extraction, power generation, land use, or biogenic processes. The category further includes management of regulatory risks, environmental compliance, and reputational risks and opportunities, as they related to direct GHG emissions. The seven GHGs covered under the Kyoto Protocol are included within the category— carbon dioxide (CO2 ), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs), sulfur hexafluoride (SF6), and nitrogen trifluoride (NF3).<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Environmental </p><p>**Dimension**     - Environment </p>| |**HumanRightsAndCommunityRelations**|**Human Rights and Community Relations** - The category addresses management of the relationship between businesses and the communities in which they operate, including, but not limited to, management of direct and indirect impacts on core human rights and the treatment of indigenous peoples. More specifically, such management may cover socio-economic community impacts, community engagement, environmental justice, cultivation of local workforces, impact on local businesses, license to operate, and environmental/social impact assessments. The category does not include environmental impacts such as air pollution or waste which, although they may impact the health and safety of members of local communities, are addressed in separate categories.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Social</p><p>**Dimension**     - Human Capital </p>| |**LaborPractices**|**Labor Practices** - The category addresses the company's ability to uphold commonly accepted labor standards in the workplace, including compliance with labor laws and internationally accepted norms and standards. This includes, but is not limited to, ensuring basic human rights related to child labor, forced or bonded labor, exploitative labor, fair wages and overtime pay, and other basic workers' rights. It also includes minimum wage policies and provision of benefits, which may influence how a workforce is attracted, retained, and motivated. The category further addresses a company's relationship with organized labor and freedom of association.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Social</p><p>**Dimension**     - Human Capital</p>| |**ManagementOfTheLegalAndRegulatoryEnvironment**|**Management of the Legal and Regulatory Environment** - The category addresses a company's approach to engaging with regulators in cases where conflicting corporate and public interests may have the potential for long-term adverse direct or indirect environmental and social impacts. The category addresses a company's level of reliance upon regulatory policy or monetary incentives (such as subsidies and taxes), actions to influence industry policy (such as through lobbying), overall reliance on a favorable regulatory environment for business competitiveness, and ability to comply with relevant regulations. It may relate to the alignment of management and investor views of regulatory engagement and compliance at large.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Governance </p><p>**Dimension**     - Leadership and Governance</p>| |**MaterialSourcingAndEfficiency**|**Materials Sourcing and Efficiency** - The category addresses issues related to the resilience of materials supply chains to impacts of climate change and other external environmental and social factors. It captures the impacts of such external factors on operational activity of suppliers, which can further affect availability and pricing of key resources. It addresses a company's ability to manage these risks through product design, manufacturing, and end-of-life management, such as by using of recycled and renewable materials, reducing the use of key materials (dematerialization), maximizing resource efficiency in manufacturing, and making R&D investments in substitute materials. Additionally, companies can manage these issues by screening, selection, monitoring, and engagement with suppliers to ensure their resilience to external risks. It does not address issues associated with environmental and social externalities created by operational activity of individual suppliers, which is covered in a separate category.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Environmental </p><p>**Dimension**     - Business Model and Innovation </p>| |**PhysicalImpactsOfClimateChange**|**Physical Impacts of Climate Change** - The category addresses the company's ability to manage risks and opportunities associated with direct exposure of its owned or controlled assets and operations to actual or potential physical impacts of climate change. It captures environmental and social issues that may arise from operational disruptions due to physical impacts of climate change. It further captures socioeconomic issues resulting from companies failing to incorporate climate change consideration in products and services sold, such as insurance policies and mortgages. The category relates to the company's ability to adapt to increased frequency and severity of extreme weather, shifting climate, sea level risk, and other expected physical impacts of climate change. Management may involve enhancing resiliency of physical assets and/or surrounding infrastructure as well as incorporation of climate change-related considerations into key business activities (e.g., mortgage and insurance underwriting, planning and development of real estate projects).<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Environmental </p><p>**Dimension**     - Business Model and Innovation </p>| |**ProductDesignAndLifecycleManagement**|**Product Design and Lifecycle Management** - The category addresses incorporation of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) considerations in characteristics of products and services provided or sold by the company. It includes, but is not limited to, managing the lifecycle impacts of products and services, such as those related to packaging, distribution, use-phase resource intensity, and other environmental and social externalities that may occur during their use-phase or at the end of life. The category captures a company's ability to address customer and societal demand for more sustainable products and services as well as to meet evolving environmental and social regulation. It does not address direct environmental or social impacts of the company's operations nor does it address health and safety risks to consumers from product use, which are covered in other categories.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Environmental </p><p>**Dimension**     - Business Model and Innovation </p>| |**ProductQualityAndSafety**|**Product Quality and Safety** - The category addresses issues involving unintended characteristics of products sold or services provided that may create health or safety risks to end-users. It addresses a company's ability to offer manufactured products and/or services that meet customer expectations with respect to their health and safety characteristics. It includes, but is not limited to, issues involving liability, management of recalls and market withdrawals, product testing, and chemicals/content/ ingredient management in products.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Social</p><p>**Dimension**     - Social Capital </p>| |**SellingPracticesAndProductLabeling**|**Selling Practices and Product Labeling** - The category addresses social issues that may arise from a failure to manage the transparency, accuracy, and comprehensibility of marketing statements, advertising, and labeling of products and services. It includes, but is not limited to, advertising standards and regulations, ethical and responsible marketing practices, misleading or deceptive labeling, as well as discriminatory or predatory selling and lending practices. This may include deceptive or aggressive selling practices in which incentive structures for employees could encourage the sale of products or services that are not in the best interest of customers or clients.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Social</p><p>**Dimension**     - Social Capital</p>| |**SupplyChainManagement**|**Supply Chain Management** - The category addresses management of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) risks within a company's supply chain. It addresses issues associated with environmental and social externalities created by suppliers through their operational activities. Such issues include, but are not limited to, environmental responsibility, human rights, labor practices, and ethics and corruption. Management may involve screening, selection, monitoring, and engagement with suppliers on their environmental and social impacts. The category does not address the impacts of external factors – such as climate change and other environmental and social factors – on suppliers' operations and/or on the availability and pricing of key resources, which is covered in a separate category.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Governance</p><p>**Dimension**     - Business Model and Innovation </p>| |**SystemicRiskManagement**|**Systemic Risk Management** - The category addresses the company's contributions to, or management of systemic risks resulting from large-scale weakening or collapse of systems upon which the economy and society depend. This includes financial systems, natural resource systems, and technological systems. It addresses the mechanisms a company has in place to reduce its contributions to systemic risks and to improve safeguards that may mitigate the impacts of systemic failure. For financial institutions, the category also captures the company's ability to absorb shocks arising from financial and economic stress and meet stricter regulatory requirements related to the complexity and interconnectedness of companies in the industry.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Governance</p><p>**Dimension**     - Leadership and Governance </p>| |**WasteAndHazardousMaterialsManagement**|**Waste and Hazardous Materials Management** - The category addresses environmental issues associated with hazardous and non-hazardous waste generated by companies. It addresses a company's management of solid wastes in manufacturing, agriculture, and other industrial processes. It covers treatment, handling, storage, disposal, and regulatory compliance. The category does not cover emissions to air or wastewater, nor does it cover waste from end-of-life of products, which are addressed in separate categories.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Environmental</p><p>**Dimension**     - Environment</p>| |**WaterAndWastewaterManagement**|**Water and Wastewater Management** - The category addresses a company's water use, water consumption, wastewater generation, and other impacts of operations on water resources, which may be influenced by regional differences in the availability and quality of and competition for water resources. More specifically, it addresses management strategies including, but not limited to, water efficiency, intensity, and recycling. Lastly, the category also addresses management of wastewater treatment and discharge, including groundwater and aquifer pollution.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Environmental </p><p>**Dimension**     - Environment </p>| 
};

// Call api endpoint
apiInstance.getSasbArticles(ids, startDate, endDate, opts).then(
  data => {

    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data:');
    console.log(data);
  },
  error => {
    console.error(error);
  },
);

```


### Parameters


Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **ids** | [**[String]**](String.md)| Security or Entity identifiers. FactSet Identifiers, tickers, CUSIP and SEDOL are accepted input. &lt;p&gt;***ids limit** &#x3D;  1500 per request*&lt;/p&gt; *&lt;p&gt;Make note, GET Method URL request lines are also limited to a total  length of 8192 bytes (8KB). In cases where the service allows for thousands of ids, which may lead to exceeding this request line limit of 8KB, its advised for any requests with large request lines to be requested through the respective \&quot;POST\&quot; method.&lt;/p&gt;*  | 
 **startDate** | **Date**| The start date requested for a given date range in YYYY-MM-DD format. The input start date must be before the input end date. Future dates (T+1) are not accepted in this endpoint.  | 
 **endDate** | **Date**| The end date requested for a given date range in YYYY-MM-DD format. The input end date must be after the input start date. Future dates (T+1) are not accepted in this endpoint.  | 
 **dateOf** | **String**| Date of Publication or Ingestion   * **Publication:**  use for startDate and endDate the articles publication date   * **Ingestion:**  use for startDate and endDate the articles TVL first processing date     | [optional] [default to &#39;PUBLICATION&#39;]
 **fields** | [**[String]**](String.md)| Request available Articles data fields to be included in the response.  Default is all fields. &#x60;factsetEntityId&#x60; and &#x60;articleId&#x60; are always included.    &lt;h3&gt;Common Fields&lt;/h3&gt;    |field|description|   |---|---|   |factsetEntityId|Factset Regional Security Identifier|   |articleId|Unique ID of the article assigned by Truvalue|               &lt;h3&gt;Articles Fields&lt;/h3&gt;     |field|description|   |---|---|   |datePublication|Publication date of the article in YYYY-MM-DD format|   |dateIngestion|Date of the TVL article ingestion and processing|   |headlineEn|Title of the article|   |sourceName|Source of the article|   |articleCategory|Categories assigned by Truvalue|   |bulletsEn|AI-generated bullet point summary for each article. Note, including bullets increases response size drastically|   |author|Author of the article|   |url|URL of the article|   |sourceLang|Language code of the article|   |orgName|Organization name assigned by Truvalue|   |pillarsDimensions|Categorizes and tags the articles under 3-Pillars and 5-Dimensions|  | [optional] 
 **categories** | [**[String]**](String.md)| Comma separated list of one or more SASB category names as described below. The default value is **&#x60;AllCategories&#x60;**.   ### SASB Categories |**SASB Category Inputs**|**Description**| |---|---| |**AllCategories**|**AllCategories** - this category represents a company&#39;s overall SASB Score for the specific &#39;scoreType&#39;. This value is equal to the cumulative average of all 26 SASB categories for the specific &#39;scoreType&#39;.*Note that category is not available for the Dynamic Materiality &#39;scoreType&#39;.| |**AccessAndAffordability**|**Access and Affordability** - The category addresses a company&#39;s ability to ensure broad access to its products and services, specifically in the context of underserved markets and/or population groups. It includes the management of issues related to universal needs, such as the accessibility and affordability of health care, financial services, utilities , education, and telecommunications.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar** - Social &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension** - Social Capital &lt;/p&gt;| |**AirQuality**|**Air Quality** - The category addresses management of air quality impacts resulting from stationary (e.g., factories, power plants) and mobile sources (e.g., trucks, delivery vehicles, planes) as well as industrial emissions. Relevant airborne pollutants include, but are not limited to, oxides of nitrogen (NOx), oxides of sulfur (SOx), volatile organic compounds (VOCs), heavy metals, particulate matter, and chlorofluorocarbons. The category does not include GHG emissions, which are addressed in a separate category.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar** - Environmental&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension** - Environment &lt;/p&gt;| |**BusinessEthics**|**Business Ethics** - The category addresses the company&#39;s approach to managing risks and opportunities surrounding ethical conduct of business, including fraud, corruption, bribery and facilitation payments, fiduciary responsibilities, and other behavior that may have an ethical component. This includes sensitivity to business norms and standards as they shift over time, jurisdiction, and culture. It addresses the company&#39;s ability to provide services that satisfy the highest professional and ethical standards of the industry, which means to avoid conflicts of interest, misrepresentation, bias, and negligence through training employees adequately and implementing policies and procedures to ensure employees provide services free from bias and error.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**     - Governance &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**   - Leadership and Governance &lt;/p&gt;| |**BusinessModelResilience**|**Business Model Resilience** - The category addresses an industry&#39;s capacity to manage risks and opportunities associated with incorporating social, environmental, and political transitions into long-term business model planning. This includes responsiveness to the transition to a low-carbon and climate-constrained economy, as well as growth and creation of new markets among unserved and underserved socioeconomic populations. The category highlights industries in which evolving environmental and social realities may challenge companies to fundamentally adapt or may put their business models at risk.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**     - Governance &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**   - Leadership and Governance &lt;/p&gt;| |**CompetitiveBehavior**|**Competitive Behavior** - The category covers social issues associated with existence of monopolies, which may include, but are not limited to, excessive prices, poor quality of service, and inefficiencies. It addresses a company&#39;s management of legal and social expectation around monopolistic and anti-competitive practices, including issues related to bargaining power, collusion, price fixing or manipulation, and protection of patents and intellectual property (IP).&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Governance &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Leadership and Governance &lt;/p&gt;| |**CriticalIncidentRiskManagement**|**Critical Incident Risk Management** - The category addresses the company&#39;s use of management systems and scenario planning to identify, understand, and prevent or minimize the occurrence of low-probability, high-impact accidents and emergencies with significant potential environmental and social externalities. It relates to the culture of safety at a company, its relevant safety management systems and technological controls, the potential human, environmental, and social implications of such events occurring, and the long-term effects to an organization, its workers, and society should these events occur.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Governance &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Leadership and Governance &lt;/p&gt;| |**CustomerPrivacy**|**Customer Privacy** - The category addresses management of risks related to the use of personally identifiable information (PII) and other customer or user data for secondary purposes including but not limited to marketing through affiliates and non-affiliates. The scope of the category includes social issues that may arise from a company&#39;s approach to collecting data, obtaining consent (e.g., opt-in policies), managing user and customer expectations regarding how their data is used, and managing evolving regulation. It excludes social issues arising from cybersecurity risks, which are covered in a separate category.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Social &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Social Capital&lt;/p&gt;| |**CustomerWelfare**|**Customer Welfare** - The category addresses customer welfare concerns over issues including, but not limited to, health and nutrition of foods and beverages, antibiotic use in animal production, and management of controlled substances. The category addresses the company&#39;s ability to provide consumers with manufactured products and services that are aligned with societal expectations. It does not include issues directly related to quality and safety malfunctions of manufactured products and services, but instead addresses qualities inherent to the design and delivery of products and services where customer welfare may be in question. The scope of the category also captures companies&#39; ability to prevent counterfeit products.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Social &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Social Capital &lt;/p&gt;| |**DataSecurity**|**Data Security** - The category addresses management of risks related to collection, retention, and use of sensitive, confidential, and/or proprietary customer or user data. It includes social issues that may arise from incidents such as data breaches in which personally identifiable information (PII) and other user or customer data may be exposed. It addresses a company&#39;s strategy, policies, and practices related to IT infrastructure, staff training, record keeping, cooperation with law enforcement, and other mechanisms used to ensure security of customer or user data.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Social&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Social Capital &lt;/p&gt;| |**EcologicalImpacts**|**Ecological Impacts** - The category addresses management of the company&#39;s impacts on ecosystems and biodiversity through activities including, but not limited to, land use for exploration, natural resource extraction, and cultivation, as well as project development, construction, and siting. The impacts include, but are not limited to, biodiversity loss, habitat destruction, and deforestation at all stages – planning, land acquisition, permitting, development, operations, and site remediation. The category does not cover impacts of climate change on ecosystems and biodiversity.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Environmental &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Environment &lt;/p&gt;| |**EmployeeEngagementDiversityAndInclusion**|**Employee Engagement Diversity and Inclusion** - The category addresses a company&#39;s ability to ensure that its culture and hiring and promotion practices embrace the building of a diverse and inclusive workforce that reflects the makeup of local talent pools and its customer base. It addresses the issues of discriminatory practices on the bases of race, gender, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, and other factors.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar** - Social&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension** - Human Capital&lt;/p&gt;| |**EmployeeHealthAndSafety**|**Employee Health and Safety** - The category addresses a company&#39;s ability to create and maintain a safe and healthy workplace environment that is free of injuries, fatalities, and illness (both chronic and acute). It is traditionally accomplished through implementing safety management plans, developing training requirements for employees and contractors, and conducting regular audits of their own practices as well as those of their subcontractors. The category further captures how companies ensure physical and mental health of workforce through technology, training, corporate culture, regulatory compliance, monitoring and testing, and personal protective equipment.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Social&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Human Capital &lt;/p&gt;| |**EnergyManagement**|**Energy Management** - The category addresses environmental impacts associated with energy consumption. It addresses the company&#39;s management of energy in manufacturing and/or for provision of products and services derived from utility providers (grid energy) not owned or controlled by the company. More specifically, it includes management of energy efficiency and intensity, energy mix, as well as grid reliance. Upstream (e.g., suppliers) and downstream (e.g., product use) energy use is not included in the scope.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Environmental &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Environment &lt;/p&gt;| |**GHGEmissions**|**Greenhouse Gas Emissions** - The category addresses direct (Scope 1) greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions that a company generates through its operations. This includes GHG emissions from stationary (e.g., factories, power plants) and mobile sources (e.g., trucks, delivery vehicles, planes), whether a result of combustion of fuel or non-combusted direct releases during activities such as natural resource extraction, power generation, land use, or biogenic processes. The category further includes management of regulatory risks, environmental compliance, and reputational risks and opportunities, as they related to direct GHG emissions. The seven GHGs covered under the Kyoto Protocol are included within the category— carbon dioxide (CO2 ), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs), sulfur hexafluoride (SF6), and nitrogen trifluoride (NF3).&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Environmental &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Environment &lt;/p&gt;| |**HumanRightsAndCommunityRelations**|**Human Rights and Community Relations** - The category addresses management of the relationship between businesses and the communities in which they operate, including, but not limited to, management of direct and indirect impacts on core human rights and the treatment of indigenous peoples. More specifically, such management may cover socio-economic community impacts, community engagement, environmental justice, cultivation of local workforces, impact on local businesses, license to operate, and environmental/social impact assessments. The category does not include environmental impacts such as air pollution or waste which, although they may impact the health and safety of members of local communities, are addressed in separate categories.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Social&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Human Capital &lt;/p&gt;| |**LaborPractices**|**Labor Practices** - The category addresses the company&#39;s ability to uphold commonly accepted labor standards in the workplace, including compliance with labor laws and internationally accepted norms and standards. This includes, but is not limited to, ensuring basic human rights related to child labor, forced or bonded labor, exploitative labor, fair wages and overtime pay, and other basic workers&#39; rights. It also includes minimum wage policies and provision of benefits, which may influence how a workforce is attracted, retained, and motivated. The category further addresses a company&#39;s relationship with organized labor and freedom of association.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Social&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Human Capital&lt;/p&gt;| |**ManagementOfTheLegalAndRegulatoryEnvironment**|**Management of the Legal and Regulatory Environment** - The category addresses a company&#39;s approach to engaging with regulators in cases where conflicting corporate and public interests may have the potential for long-term adverse direct or indirect environmental and social impacts. The category addresses a company&#39;s level of reliance upon regulatory policy or monetary incentives (such as subsidies and taxes), actions to influence industry policy (such as through lobbying), overall reliance on a favorable regulatory environment for business competitiveness, and ability to comply with relevant regulations. It may relate to the alignment of management and investor views of regulatory engagement and compliance at large.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Governance &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Leadership and Governance&lt;/p&gt;| |**MaterialSourcingAndEfficiency**|**Materials Sourcing and Efficiency** - The category addresses issues related to the resilience of materials supply chains to impacts of climate change and other external environmental and social factors. It captures the impacts of such external factors on operational activity of suppliers, which can further affect availability and pricing of key resources. It addresses a company&#39;s ability to manage these risks through product design, manufacturing, and end-of-life management, such as by using of recycled and renewable materials, reducing the use of key materials (dematerialization), maximizing resource efficiency in manufacturing, and making R&amp;D investments in substitute materials. Additionally, companies can manage these issues by screening, selection, monitoring, and engagement with suppliers to ensure their resilience to external risks. It does not address issues associated with environmental and social externalities created by operational activity of individual suppliers, which is covered in a separate category.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Environmental &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Business Model and Innovation &lt;/p&gt;| |**PhysicalImpactsOfClimateChange**|**Physical Impacts of Climate Change** - The category addresses the company&#39;s ability to manage risks and opportunities associated with direct exposure of its owned or controlled assets and operations to actual or potential physical impacts of climate change. It captures environmental and social issues that may arise from operational disruptions due to physical impacts of climate change. It further captures socioeconomic issues resulting from companies failing to incorporate climate change consideration in products and services sold, such as insurance policies and mortgages. The category relates to the company&#39;s ability to adapt to increased frequency and severity of extreme weather, shifting climate, sea level risk, and other expected physical impacts of climate change. Management may involve enhancing resiliency of physical assets and/or surrounding infrastructure as well as incorporation of climate change-related considerations into key business activities (e.g., mortgage and insurance underwriting, planning and development of real estate projects).&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Environmental &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Business Model and Innovation &lt;/p&gt;| |**ProductDesignAndLifecycleManagement**|**Product Design and Lifecycle Management** - The category addresses incorporation of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) considerations in characteristics of products and services provided or sold by the company. It includes, but is not limited to, managing the lifecycle impacts of products and services, such as those related to packaging, distribution, use-phase resource intensity, and other environmental and social externalities that may occur during their use-phase or at the end of life. The category captures a company&#39;s ability to address customer and societal demand for more sustainable products and services as well as to meet evolving environmental and social regulation. It does not address direct environmental or social impacts of the company&#39;s operations nor does it address health and safety risks to consumers from product use, which are covered in other categories.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Environmental &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Business Model and Innovation &lt;/p&gt;| |**ProductQualityAndSafety**|**Product Quality and Safety** - The category addresses issues involving unintended characteristics of products sold or services provided that may create health or safety risks to end-users. It addresses a company&#39;s ability to offer manufactured products and/or services that meet customer expectations with respect to their health and safety characteristics. It includes, but is not limited to, issues involving liability, management of recalls and market withdrawals, product testing, and chemicals/content/ ingredient management in products.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Social&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Social Capital &lt;/p&gt;| |**SellingPracticesAndProductLabeling**|**Selling Practices and Product Labeling** - The category addresses social issues that may arise from a failure to manage the transparency, accuracy, and comprehensibility of marketing statements, advertising, and labeling of products and services. It includes, but is not limited to, advertising standards and regulations, ethical and responsible marketing practices, misleading or deceptive labeling, as well as discriminatory or predatory selling and lending practices. This may include deceptive or aggressive selling practices in which incentive structures for employees could encourage the sale of products or services that are not in the best interest of customers or clients.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Social&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Social Capital&lt;/p&gt;| |**SupplyChainManagement**|**Supply Chain Management** - The category addresses management of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) risks within a company&#39;s supply chain. It addresses issues associated with environmental and social externalities created by suppliers through their operational activities. Such issues include, but are not limited to, environmental responsibility, human rights, labor practices, and ethics and corruption. Management may involve screening, selection, monitoring, and engagement with suppliers on their environmental and social impacts. The category does not address the impacts of external factors – such as climate change and other environmental and social factors – on suppliers&#39; operations and/or on the availability and pricing of key resources, which is covered in a separate category.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Governance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Business Model and Innovation &lt;/p&gt;| |**SystemicRiskManagement**|**Systemic Risk Management** - The category addresses the company&#39;s contributions to, or management of systemic risks resulting from large-scale weakening or collapse of systems upon which the economy and society depend. This includes financial systems, natural resource systems, and technological systems. It addresses the mechanisms a company has in place to reduce its contributions to systemic risks and to improve safeguards that may mitigate the impacts of systemic failure. For financial institutions, the category also captures the company&#39;s ability to absorb shocks arising from financial and economic stress and meet stricter regulatory requirements related to the complexity and interconnectedness of companies in the industry.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Governance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Leadership and Governance &lt;/p&gt;| |**WasteAndHazardousMaterialsManagement**|**Waste and Hazardous Materials Management** - The category addresses environmental issues associated with hazardous and non-hazardous waste generated by companies. It addresses a company&#39;s management of solid wastes in manufacturing, agriculture, and other industrial processes. It covers treatment, handling, storage, disposal, and regulatory compliance. The category does not cover emissions to air or wastewater, nor does it cover waste from end-of-life of products, which are addressed in separate categories.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Environmental&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Environment&lt;/p&gt;| |**WaterAndWastewaterManagement**|**Water and Wastewater Management** - The category addresses a company&#39;s water use, water consumption, wastewater generation, and other impacts of operations on water resources, which may be influenced by regional differences in the availability and quality of and competition for water resources. More specifically, it addresses management strategies including, but not limited to, water efficiency, intensity, and recycling. Lastly, the category also addresses management of wastewater treatment and discharge, including groundwater and aquifer pollution.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Environmental &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Environment &lt;/p&gt;|  | [optional] 

### Return type

[**TvlArticlesResponse**](TvlArticlesResponse.md)

### Authorization

[FactSetApiKey](../README.md#FactSetApiKey), [FactSetOAuth2](../README.md#FactSetOAuth2)

### HTTP request headers

- **Content-Type**: Not defined
- **Accept**: application/json


## getSasbArticlesForList

> TvlArticlesResponse getSasbArticlesForList(tvlArticlesRequest)

Requests articles tagged with 26 SASB categories from 2016-01-01 to previous day

Articles endpoint allows to retrieve underlying news articles used by the AI engine to calculate the SASB Scores of companies and therefore provides SASB relevant news and also transparency into the SASB Scores. 

### Example

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The parameter variables defined below are just examples and may potentially contain non valid values. Please replace them with valid values.

#### Example Code

```javascript
const { ApiClient, TruvalueApi } = require('@factset/sdk-factsetesg');
const { ConfidentialClient } = require('@factset/sdk-utils');

const apiClient = ApiClient.instance;

// Examples for each supported authentication method are below,
// choose one that satisfies your use case.

// (Preferred) OAuth 2.0: FactSetOAuth2
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk#oauth-20
// for information on how to create the app-config.json file
//
// The confidential client instance should be reused in production environments.
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk-utils-typescript#authentication
// for more information on using the ConfidentialClient class
apiClient.factsetOauth2Client = new ConfidentialClient('/path/to/app-config.json');

// Basic authentication: FactSetApiKey
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk#api-key
// for information how to create an API key
// const FactSetApiKey = apiClient.authentications['FactSetApiKey'];
// FactSetApiKey.username = 'USERNAME-SERIAL';
// FactSetApiKey.password = 'API-KEY';

const apiInstance = new TruvalueApi();
const tvlArticlesRequest = new factsetesg.TvlArticlesRequest(); // TvlArticlesRequest | The Truvalue Article metadata like Dates, Headlines, Articles, Volume

// Call api endpoint
apiInstance.getSasbArticlesForList(tvlArticlesRequest).then(
  data => {

    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data:');
    console.log(data);
  },
  error => {
    console.error(error);
  },
);

```


### Parameters


Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **tvlArticlesRequest** | [**TvlArticlesRequest**](TvlArticlesRequest.md)| The Truvalue Article metadata like Dates, Headlines, Articles, Volume | 

### Return type

[**TvlArticlesResponse**](TvlArticlesResponse.md)

### Authorization

[FactSetApiKey](../README.md#FactSetApiKey), [FactSetOAuth2](../README.md#FactSetOAuth2)

### HTTP request headers

- **Content-Type**: application/json
- **Accept**: application/json


## getSasbScoresPost

> TvlScoresResponse getSasbScoresPost(tvlScoresRequest)

Requests a large list of ids, gets short-term, long-term, and momentum scores based on the 26 SASB categories, Pillars, Dimensions.

FactSet Truvalue Scores provides short-term, long-term, and momentum scores that are generated for 26 SASB categories defined by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board. FactSet Truvalue also calculates a custom overall score called ALLCATEGORIES, can indicate data volume flow, and the Dynamic Materiality of that data flow. 

### Example

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The parameter variables defined below are just examples and may potentially contain non valid values. Please replace them with valid values.

#### Example Code

```javascript
const { ApiClient, TruvalueApi } = require('@factset/sdk-factsetesg');
const { ConfidentialClient } = require('@factset/sdk-utils');

const apiClient = ApiClient.instance;

// Examples for each supported authentication method are below,
// choose one that satisfies your use case.

// (Preferred) OAuth 2.0: FactSetOAuth2
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk#oauth-20
// for information on how to create the app-config.json file
//
// The confidential client instance should be reused in production environments.
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk-utils-typescript#authentication
// for more information on using the ConfidentialClient class
apiClient.factsetOauth2Client = new ConfidentialClient('/path/to/app-config.json');

// Basic authentication: FactSetApiKey
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk#api-key
// for information how to create an API key
// const FactSetApiKey = apiClient.authentications['FactSetApiKey'];
// FactSetApiKey.username = 'USERNAME-SERIAL';
// FactSetApiKey.password = 'API-KEY';

const apiInstance = new TruvalueApi();
const tvlScoresRequest = new factsetesg.TvlScoresRequest(); // TvlScoresRequest | The Truvalue Scores request body, allowing the user to specify a list of ids, Truvalue Score Items, Truvalue fields, date range, and frequency.

// Call api endpoint
apiInstance.getSasbScoresPost(tvlScoresRequest).then(
  data => {

    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data:');
    console.log(data);
  },
  error => {
    console.error(error);
  },
);

```


### Parameters


Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **tvlScoresRequest** | [**TvlScoresRequest**](TvlScoresRequest.md)| The Truvalue Scores request body, allowing the user to specify a list of ids, Truvalue Score Items, Truvalue fields, date range, and frequency. | 

### Return type

[**TvlScoresResponse**](TvlScoresResponse.md)

### Authorization

[FactSetApiKey](../README.md#FactSetApiKey), [FactSetOAuth2](../README.md#FactSetOAuth2)

### HTTP request headers

- **Content-Type**: application/json
- **Accept**: application/json


## getSasbSpotlightsForList

> SpotlightsResponse getSasbSpotlightsForList(tvlSpotlightsRequest)

Requests Spotlight data for the most important positive and negative events to enable timely and systematic trading strategies and portfolio management

FactSet Truvalue Spotlight Data solutions are a daily collection of the most important positive and negative SASB events detected by our algorithms, with a variety of quantitative metadata to enable timely and systematic trading strategies and portfolio management. Qualitative informational data points such as the headline and key bullet points for articles is also included. Reporting is sparse. 

### Example

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The parameter variables defined below are just examples and may potentially contain non valid values. Please replace them with valid values.

#### Example Code

```javascript
const { ApiClient, TruvalueApi } = require('@factset/sdk-factsetesg');
const { ConfidentialClient } = require('@factset/sdk-utils');

const apiClient = ApiClient.instance;

// Examples for each supported authentication method are below,
// choose one that satisfies your use case.

// (Preferred) OAuth 2.0: FactSetOAuth2
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk#oauth-20
// for information on how to create the app-config.json file
//
// The confidential client instance should be reused in production environments.
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk-utils-typescript#authentication
// for more information on using the ConfidentialClient class
apiClient.factsetOauth2Client = new ConfidentialClient('/path/to/app-config.json');

// Basic authentication: FactSetApiKey
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk#api-key
// for information how to create an API key
// const FactSetApiKey = apiClient.authentications['FactSetApiKey'];
// FactSetApiKey.username = 'USERNAME-SERIAL';
// FactSetApiKey.password = 'API-KEY';

const apiInstance = new TruvalueApi();
const tvlSpotlightsRequest = new factsetesg.TvlSpotlightsRequest(); // TvlSpotlightsRequest | FactSet Truvalue Spotlight Data solutions are a daily collection of the most important positive and negative SASB events detected by our algorithms

// Call api endpoint
apiInstance.getSasbSpotlightsForList(tvlSpotlightsRequest).then(
  data => {

    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data:');
    console.log(data);
  },
  error => {
    console.error(error);
  },
);

```


### Parameters


Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **tvlSpotlightsRequest** | [**TvlSpotlightsRequest**](TvlSpotlightsRequest.md)| FactSet Truvalue Spotlight Data solutions are a daily collection of the most important positive and negative SASB events detected by our algorithms | 

### Return type

[**SpotlightsResponse**](SpotlightsResponse.md)

### Authorization

[FactSetApiKey](../README.md#FactSetApiKey), [FactSetOAuth2](../README.md#FactSetOAuth2)

### HTTP request headers

- **Content-Type**: application/json
- **Accept**: application/json


## getTVLScores

> TvlScoresResponse getTVLScores(ids, opts)

Requests short-term, long-term, and momentum scores based on the 26 SASB categories, Pillars, Dimensions.

FactSet Truvalue Scores provides short-term, long-term, and momentum scores that are generated for 26 SASB categories defined by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board. FactSet Truvalue also calculates a custom overall score called &#x60;ALLCATEGORIES&#x60;, can indicate data volume flow, and the Dynamic Materiality of that data flow. 

### Example

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The parameter variables defined below are just examples and may potentially contain non valid values. Please replace them with valid values.

#### Example Code

```javascript
const { ApiClient, TruvalueApi } = require('@factset/sdk-factsetesg');
const { ConfidentialClient } = require('@factset/sdk-utils');

const apiClient = ApiClient.instance;

// Examples for each supported authentication method are below,
// choose one that satisfies your use case.

// (Preferred) OAuth 2.0: FactSetOAuth2
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk#oauth-20
// for information on how to create the app-config.json file
//
// The confidential client instance should be reused in production environments.
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk-utils-typescript#authentication
// for more information on using the ConfidentialClient class
apiClient.factsetOauth2Client = new ConfidentialClient('/path/to/app-config.json');

// Basic authentication: FactSetApiKey
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk#api-key
// for information how to create an API key
// const FactSetApiKey = apiClient.authentications['FactSetApiKey'];
// FactSetApiKey.username = 'USERNAME-SERIAL';
// FactSetApiKey.password = 'API-KEY';

const apiInstance = new TruvalueApi();
const ids = ["AAPL-USA"]; // [String] | Security or Entity identifiers. FactSet Identifiers, tickers, CUSIP, SEDOL, and ISIN are accepted inputs. <p>***ids limit** =  1000 per request*</p> *<p>Make note, GET Method URL request lines are also limited to a total length of 8192 bytes (8KB). In cases where the service allows for thousands of ids, which may exceed this request line limit of 8KB, it is advised for any requests with large request lines to be requested through the respective \"POST\" method.</p>* 
const opts = {
  'scoreType': MOMENTUM, // String | The FactSet Truvalue Score types being requested. Score Types include the Pulse, Insight, Momentum, Article Volume, Category Volume, Dynamic Materiality Score, Adjusted Insight, and Industry Percentile. When left blank `Ranks` score type will be returned for the requested Id. <p>These scores use the same underlying data and 100-point scale, except for ranks. The cognitive computing system behind FactSet's Truvalue Platform uses natural language processing to interpret semantic content and generate analytics. It does so by applying criteria that are consistent with established sustainability and SASB frameworks, scoring data points on performance using a 0 to 100 scale. A score of 50 represents a neutral impact. Scores above 50 indicate positive performance, and scores below reflect negative performance. <br>**Note** : Only one score type can be queried per request.</p> ### Truvalue Score Types  |**Truvalue Score Type Input**|**Description**| |---|---| |**PULSE**|*Pulse Score* is a measure of near-term performance changes that highlights opportunities and controversies, enabling real-time monitoring of companies.| |**PULSE_PCTL**|*Pulse Percentile* offers context on company Pulse Scores relative to peers in the same SICS Industry.| |**INSIGHT**|*Insight Score* a measure of a company’s longer-term ESG track record.| |**INSIGHT_PCTL**|*Insight Percentile* offers context on company Insight Scores relative to peers in the same SICS Industry **(NOT VALID for TOPLEVEL(i.e., `ALLCATEGORIES` and `MATERIALITY` fields)).**| |**MOMENTUM**|*Momentum Score* measures the trend of a company's Insight score, over a trailing twelve month period.| |**DYN_MATERIALITY**|*Dynamic Materiality Score*, shows the percentage value of data flow by category compared with the total data flow for the organization **(NOT VALID for TOPLEVEL(i.e., `ALLCATEGORIES` and `MATERIALITY` fields)).**| |**ARTVOL_DAY**|*Article Volume Score* measures the information flow or number of articles about a company on daily basis.| |**CATVOL_DAY**|*Category Volume Score* returns the total number of times any of the 26 categories received on a daily basis.| |**ARTVOL_TTM**|*Article Volume Score* measures the information flow or number of articles about a company over the past 12 months.| |**CATVOL_TTM**|*Category Volume Score* returns the total number of times any of the 26 categories received a score over a trailing twelve-month (TTM) period of time.| |**ARTVOL_TOT**|*The Article Volume Score* for all 26 SASB Categories, measures the information flow or number of articles for a company throughout the entire history.| |**CATVOL_TOT**|*The Category Volume Score* for all 26 SASB Categories, measures the information flow or number of category tags for a company throughout the entire history.| |**RANKS**|Indicates if a company is a Leader, Above Average, Average, Below Average, or a Laggard; directly mapping from Industry Percentiles (request IND_PCTL in scores endpoints). <p><br> **ADJ_INSIGHT** *Adjusted Insight* scores which measure a company's SASB performance, generating scores for lower volume and zero-volume firms by blending company scores with industry medians.  **(ONLY VALID for TOPLEVEL(i.e.,`ALLCATEGORIES` and `MATERIALITY` categories)).** <p> **Adjusted Insight Score = (# of articles / 5) x Company Insight Score + ((5 - # of articles) / 5) x Industry (or Sector) Median Insight Score  .<p> <br> **IND_PCTL** *Industry Percentiles* to gauge  Adjusted Insight scores relative to peers and easy to  decipher fields ranking companies from Laggards to Leaders.  **(ONLY VALID for TOPLEVEL(i.e.,`ALLCATEGORIES` and `MATERIALITY` categories)).** <p> Mapping of Ranks to Industry Percentile Ranges is as follows -                      Rank           | Industry Percentile Range                      -------------- | -------------------------                      Leader         | 90 - 100                                       Above Average  | 70 - 89.9                                      Average        | 30 - 69.9                                      Below Average  | 10 - 29.9                                      Laggard        | 0 - 9.9   
  'fields': ["DIMENSIONS"], // [String] | Request available Scores data fields to be included in the response.  Default is all fields and the available options are:<br> TOPLEVEL, PILLARS, DIMENSIONS, SASBCATEGORIES, TOPLEVEL AND PILLARS, TOPLEVEL AND SASBCATEGORIES.   ### Truvalue Fields |**Truvalue Fields Inputs**|**Description**| |---|---| |**TOPLEVEL**| This category represents a comprehensive overview of a company's Truvalue Score by integrating two key perspectives: ALLCATEGORIES and MATERIALITY.| ||**ALLCATEGORIES**  represents a company's overall Truvalue Score for the specific 'scoreType'. This value is equal to the cumulative average of all 26 SASB categories for the specific 'scoreType'. **Note** that category is not available for the Dynamic Materiality 'scoreType'. ||**MATERIALITY**  represents a composite score of all 'material' SASB categories for the given entity.| |**PILLARS**| Pillars are high-level categorizations of **Environmental, Social, and Governance** factors used to organize and group the 26 SASB categories. The three main pillars are Environmental, Social, and Governance. Each pillar encompasses several SASB categories that are thematically related. Pillars provide a broad framework for understanding and assessing a company's SASB performance and risks across these three fundamental areas.| |**DIMENSIONS**|Dimensions offer a more nuanced classification system for the 26 SASB categories, breaking them down into five distinct areas: **Environment, Business Model and Innovation, Human Capital, Leadership and Governance, and Social Capital**. This framework provides a more detailed and comprehensive view of a company's sustainability related activities, allowing for a more granular analysis of performance and risk across these five key dimensions of business operations and impact.| |**SASBCATEGORIES**| The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) has developed a comprehensive set of 26 sustainability-related business topics, often referred to as general sustainability issues. These categories are integral to SASB's Materiality Map, which identifies the Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) issues most likely to be material for companies across different industries. The categories span crucial areas such as Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Air Quality, Energy Management, Water and Waste Management, Ecological Impacts, Human Rights, Labor Practices, Product Safety, Data Security, Business Ethics, and Systemic Risk Management, among others. Each category is crafted to capture specific sustainability risks and opportunities that may impact a company's financial condition, operating performance, or risk profile. By providing a standardized framework and leveraging the Materiality Map, SASB facilitates more effective communication between companies and investors regarding the sustainability matters most pertinent to financial performance. | 
  'startDate': 2018-12-31, // Date | The start date requested for a given date range in **YYYY-MM-DD** format. If left blank, the API will default to latest available completed period. 
  'endDate': 2019-12-31, // Date | The end date requested for a given date range in **YYYY-MM-DD** format. If left blank, the API will default to latest available completed period. 
  'frequency': "'D'", // String | Controls the display frequency of the data returned.   * **D** = Daily   * **W** = Weekly, based on the last day of the week of the start date.   * **M** = Monthly, based on the last trading day of the month.   * **CY** = Calendar Annual, based on the last trading day of the calendar year.    
  'calendar': FIVEDAY // String | Calendar of data returned. SEVENDAY includes weekends.
};

// Call api endpoint
apiInstance.getTVLScores(ids, opts).then(
  data => {

    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data:');
    console.log(data);
  },
  error => {
    console.error(error);
  },
);

```


### Parameters


Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **ids** | [**[String]**](String.md)| Security or Entity identifiers. FactSet Identifiers, tickers, CUSIP, SEDOL, and ISIN are accepted inputs. &lt;p&gt;***ids limit** &#x3D;  1000 per request*&lt;/p&gt; *&lt;p&gt;Make note, GET Method URL request lines are also limited to a total length of 8192 bytes (8KB). In cases where the service allows for thousands of ids, which may exceed this request line limit of 8KB, it is advised for any requests with large request lines to be requested through the respective \&quot;POST\&quot; method.&lt;/p&gt;*  | 
 **scoreType** | **String**| The FactSet Truvalue Score types being requested. Score Types include the Pulse, Insight, Momentum, Article Volume, Category Volume, Dynamic Materiality Score, Adjusted Insight, and Industry Percentile. When left blank &#x60;Ranks&#x60; score type will be returned for the requested Id. &lt;p&gt;These scores use the same underlying data and 100-point scale, except for ranks. The cognitive computing system behind FactSet&#39;s Truvalue Platform uses natural language processing to interpret semantic content and generate analytics. It does so by applying criteria that are consistent with established sustainability and SASB frameworks, scoring data points on performance using a 0 to 100 scale. A score of 50 represents a neutral impact. Scores above 50 indicate positive performance, and scores below reflect negative performance. &lt;br&gt;**Note** : Only one score type can be queried per request.&lt;/p&gt; ### Truvalue Score Types  |**Truvalue Score Type Input**|**Description**| |---|---| |**PULSE**|*Pulse Score* is a measure of near-term performance changes that highlights opportunities and controversies, enabling real-time monitoring of companies.| |**PULSE_PCTL**|*Pulse Percentile* offers context on company Pulse Scores relative to peers in the same SICS Industry.| |**INSIGHT**|*Insight Score* a measure of a company’s longer-term ESG track record.| |**INSIGHT_PCTL**|*Insight Percentile* offers context on company Insight Scores relative to peers in the same SICS Industry **(NOT VALID for TOPLEVEL(i.e., &#x60;ALLCATEGORIES&#x60; and &#x60;MATERIALITY&#x60; fields)).**| |**MOMENTUM**|*Momentum Score* measures the trend of a company&#39;s Insight score, over a trailing twelve month period.| |**DYN_MATERIALITY**|*Dynamic Materiality Score*, shows the percentage value of data flow by category compared with the total data flow for the organization **(NOT VALID for TOPLEVEL(i.e., &#x60;ALLCATEGORIES&#x60; and &#x60;MATERIALITY&#x60; fields)).**| |**ARTVOL_DAY**|*Article Volume Score* measures the information flow or number of articles about a company on daily basis.| |**CATVOL_DAY**|*Category Volume Score* returns the total number of times any of the 26 categories received on a daily basis.| |**ARTVOL_TTM**|*Article Volume Score* measures the information flow or number of articles about a company over the past 12 months.| |**CATVOL_TTM**|*Category Volume Score* returns the total number of times any of the 26 categories received a score over a trailing twelve-month (TTM) period of time.| |**ARTVOL_TOT**|*The Article Volume Score* for all 26 SASB Categories, measures the information flow or number of articles for a company throughout the entire history.| |**CATVOL_TOT**|*The Category Volume Score* for all 26 SASB Categories, measures the information flow or number of category tags for a company throughout the entire history.| |**RANKS**|Indicates if a company is a Leader, Above Average, Average, Below Average, or a Laggard; directly mapping from Industry Percentiles (request IND_PCTL in scores endpoints). &lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; **ADJ_INSIGHT** *Adjusted Insight* scores which measure a company&#39;s SASB performance, generating scores for lower volume and zero-volume firms by blending company scores with industry medians.  **(ONLY VALID for TOPLEVEL(i.e.,&#x60;ALLCATEGORIES&#x60; and &#x60;MATERIALITY&#x60; categories)).** &lt;p&gt; **Adjusted Insight Score &#x3D; (# of articles / 5) x Company Insight Score + ((5 - # of articles) / 5) x Industry (or Sector) Median Insight Score  .&lt;p&gt; &lt;br&gt; **IND_PCTL** *Industry Percentiles* to gauge  Adjusted Insight scores relative to peers and easy to  decipher fields ranking companies from Laggards to Leaders.  **(ONLY VALID for TOPLEVEL(i.e.,&#x60;ALLCATEGORIES&#x60; and &#x60;MATERIALITY&#x60; categories)).** &lt;p&gt; Mapping of Ranks to Industry Percentile Ranges is as follows -                      Rank           | Industry Percentile Range                      -------------- | -------------------------                      Leader         | 90 - 100                                       Above Average  | 70 - 89.9                                      Average        | 30 - 69.9                                      Below Average  | 10 - 29.9                                      Laggard        | 0 - 9.9    | [optional] [default to &#39;RANKS&#39;]
 **fields** | [**[String]**](String.md)| Request available Scores data fields to be included in the response.  Default is all fields and the available options are:&lt;br&gt; TOPLEVEL, PILLARS, DIMENSIONS, SASBCATEGORIES, TOPLEVEL AND PILLARS, TOPLEVEL AND SASBCATEGORIES.   ### Truvalue Fields |**Truvalue Fields Inputs**|**Description**| |---|---| |**TOPLEVEL**| This category represents a comprehensive overview of a company&#39;s Truvalue Score by integrating two key perspectives: ALLCATEGORIES and MATERIALITY.| ||**ALLCATEGORIES**  represents a company&#39;s overall Truvalue Score for the specific &#39;scoreType&#39;. This value is equal to the cumulative average of all 26 SASB categories for the specific &#39;scoreType&#39;. **Note** that category is not available for the Dynamic Materiality &#39;scoreType&#39;. ||**MATERIALITY**  represents a composite score of all &#39;material&#39; SASB categories for the given entity.| |**PILLARS**| Pillars are high-level categorizations of **Environmental, Social, and Governance** factors used to organize and group the 26 SASB categories. The three main pillars are Environmental, Social, and Governance. Each pillar encompasses several SASB categories that are thematically related. Pillars provide a broad framework for understanding and assessing a company&#39;s SASB performance and risks across these three fundamental areas.| |**DIMENSIONS**|Dimensions offer a more nuanced classification system for the 26 SASB categories, breaking them down into five distinct areas: **Environment, Business Model and Innovation, Human Capital, Leadership and Governance, and Social Capital**. This framework provides a more detailed and comprehensive view of a company&#39;s sustainability related activities, allowing for a more granular analysis of performance and risk across these five key dimensions of business operations and impact.| |**SASBCATEGORIES**| The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) has developed a comprehensive set of 26 sustainability-related business topics, often referred to as general sustainability issues. These categories are integral to SASB&#39;s Materiality Map, which identifies the Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) issues most likely to be material for companies across different industries. The categories span crucial areas such as Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Air Quality, Energy Management, Water and Waste Management, Ecological Impacts, Human Rights, Labor Practices, Product Safety, Data Security, Business Ethics, and Systemic Risk Management, among others. Each category is crafted to capture specific sustainability risks and opportunities that may impact a company&#39;s financial condition, operating performance, or risk profile. By providing a standardized framework and leveraging the Materiality Map, SASB facilitates more effective communication between companies and investors regarding the sustainability matters most pertinent to financial performance. |  | [optional] 
 **startDate** | **Date**| The start date requested for a given date range in **YYYY-MM-DD** format. If left blank, the API will default to latest available completed period.  | [optional] 
 **endDate** | **Date**| The end date requested for a given date range in **YYYY-MM-DD** format. If left blank, the API will default to latest available completed period.  | [optional] 
 **frequency** | **String**| Controls the display frequency of the data returned.   * **D** &#x3D; Daily   * **W** &#x3D; Weekly, based on the last day of the week of the start date.   * **M** &#x3D; Monthly, based on the last trading day of the month.   * **CY** &#x3D; Calendar Annual, based on the last trading day of the calendar year.     | [optional] [default to &#39;D&#39;]
 **calendar** | **String**| Calendar of data returned. SEVENDAY includes weekends. | [optional] [default to &#39;SEVENDAY&#39;]

### Return type

[**TvlScoresResponse**](TvlScoresResponse.md)

### Authorization

[FactSetApiKey](../README.md#FactSetApiKey), [FactSetOAuth2](../README.md#FactSetOAuth2)

### HTTP request headers

- **Content-Type**: Not defined
- **Accept**: application/json


## getTvlSpotlights

> SpotlightsResponse getTvlSpotlights(ids, startDate, endDate, opts)

Requests spotlights tagged with 26 SASB categories, Pillars, Dimensions from 2016-01-01 to previous day 

FactSet Truvalue Spotlight Data solutions are a daily collection of the most important positive and negative events detected by our algorithms, with a variety of quantitative metadata to enable timely and systematic trading strategies and portfolio management. Qualitative informational data points such as the headline and key bullet points for articles is also included. Reporting is sparse. 

### Example

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The parameter variables defined below are just examples and may potentially contain non valid values. Please replace them with valid values.

#### Example Code

```javascript
const { ApiClient, TruvalueApi } = require('@factset/sdk-factsetesg');
const { ConfidentialClient } = require('@factset/sdk-utils');

const apiClient = ApiClient.instance;

// Examples for each supported authentication method are below,
// choose one that satisfies your use case.

// (Preferred) OAuth 2.0: FactSetOAuth2
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk#oauth-20
// for information on how to create the app-config.json file
//
// The confidential client instance should be reused in production environments.
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk-utils-typescript#authentication
// for more information on using the ConfidentialClient class
apiClient.factsetOauth2Client = new ConfidentialClient('/path/to/app-config.json');

// Basic authentication: FactSetApiKey
// See https://github.com/FactSet/enterprise-sdk#api-key
// for information how to create an API key
// const FactSetApiKey = apiClient.authentications['FactSetApiKey'];
// FactSetApiKey.username = 'USERNAME-SERIAL';
// FactSetApiKey.password = 'API-KEY';

const apiInstance = new TruvalueApi();
const ids = ["AAPL-USA"]; // [String] | Security or Entity identifiers. FactSet Identifiers, tickers, CUSIP and SEDOL are accepted input. <p>***ids limit** =  1500 per request*</p> *<p>Make note, GET Method URL request lines are also limited to a total  length of 8192 bytes (8KB). In cases where the service allows for thousands of ids, which may lead to exceeding this request line limit of 8KB, its advised for any requests with large request lines to be requested through the respective \"POST\" method.</p>* 
const startDate = 2021-01-01; // Date | The start date requested for a given date range in YYYY-MM-DD format. The input start date must be before the input end date. Future dates (T+1) are not accepted in this endpoint. 
const endDate = 2021-10-30; // Date | The end date requested for a given date range in YYYY-MM-DD format. The input end date must be after the input start date. Future dates (T+1) are not accepted in this endpoint. 
const opts = {
  'fields': ["tvSpotlightId","tvGroupId"], // [String] | Request available SASB Spotlights data fields to be included in the response.  Default is all fields. `factsetEntityId`, `tvSpotlightId`, `tvGroupId` and `requestId` are always included.    <h3>Common Fields</h3>    |field|description|   |---|---|   |factsetEntityId |Factset Regional Security Identifier|   |tvSpotlightId|Unique identifier identifying a Spotlight ESG event that is detected at the company level, within a single category.|   |tvGroupId|Unique identifier  identifying a Spotlight group using the Spotlight ID of the Primary Spotlight.|   |requestId|Identifier that was used for the request.|     <h3>SASB Spotlights Fields</h3>     |field|description|   |---|---|   |tvOrgName|The current name of the organization (not point-in-time)|   |primarySpotlight|Y/N value indicating the primary Spotlight in a Spotlight Group.|   |spotlightCategory|SASB category tagged to each Spotlight.|   |spotlightPillar|Indicates the Pillars - Environmental, Social, Governance of the Spotlight topic based on the SASB category framework.|   |spotlightDimension|Indicates the Dimensions - Environment, Business Model and Innovation, Human Capital, Leadership and Governance, and Social Capital of the Spotlight topic based on the SASB category framework.|   |status|Indicates status of a Spotlight, which can be one of Completed or Ongoing.|   |removed|Displays the date a Spotlight was removed from the dataset, if it has been removed.|   |startDate|Date when a Spotlight has met the volume threshold for Spotlight consideration. Score and Volume change metadata are associated with this date.|   |liveDate|Date when a Spotlight meets confidence threshold and is considered a Spotlight. This date should never precede start date.|   |firstArticleDate|Date of earliest article in the Spotlight as of the Start Date.|   |finalArticleDate|Date of final article in the Spotlight. This value can change over the course of the Spotlight until the Spotlight is marked as Completed.|   |organizationVolumeThreshold|The article volume needed to create a Spotlight, as set by the company's overall volume level classification on the Start Date.|   |totalSpotlightVolume|Total number of articles in the Spotlight. This number will change until the Spotlight is marked as Completed.|   |startDateVolume|Number of articles in the Spotlight on the Start Date when it met the volume threshold. Does not include the number of articles that were added to the Spotlight after the Spotlight Start Date.|   |primaryArticleSource|Source of the primary article.|   |primaryArticleUrl|URL of the primary article.|   |primaryArticleHeadline|Headline of primary Spotlight article.|   |primaryArticleBulletpoints|Bullet points summarizing the primary article.|   |meanArtScoreFinalDate|Average score of articles in Spotlight on Final Article Date. This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as Completed.|   |meanArtScoreStartDate|Average score of articles in Spotlight on Start Date. This score will not change throughout the history of the Spotlight.|   |meanPulseScore|Average of Pulse scores for each day from First Article Date to Final Article Date, including scores for both Start Date and Final Article Date.|   |pulseBeforeFirstArticle|Pulse score for category at end-of-day on day before the First Article Date.|   |pulseOnFinalArticleDate|Pulse score for category at the end-of-day on the Final Article Date.|   |pulseOnStartDate|Pulse score for the category at the end-of-day on the Start Date.|   |zScoreOnFinalDate|Z-score for Spotlight as of Final Article Date. This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as Completed.|   |zScoreOnStartDate|Z-score for Spotlight as of Start Date. This score will not change throughout the history of the Spotlight.|   |standoutLvlOnFinalDate|Describes if the Spotlight is a High, Medium, or Low standout Spotlight.  This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as Completed.|   |standoutLvlOnStartDate|Describes if the Spotlight is a High, Medium, or Low standout Spotlight.|   |primaryArticleSourceLang|Original language of the primary article as ISO 639 two letter code.| 
  'categories': ["AirQuality","BusinessEthics","CompetitiveBehavior"], // [String] | The SASB Categories requested for the respective scoreType(s). The default value is **`ALLCATEGORIES`**, which represents all 26 categories in a single overall score. To request a specifc category or list of categories, simply input the category names below.   ### SASB Categories |**SASB Category Inputs**|**Description**| |---|---| |**AllCategories**|**AllCategories** - This category represents a company's overall SASB Score for the specific 'scoreType'. This value is equal to the cumulative average of all 26 SASB categories for the specific 'scoreType'. **Note** - AllCategories is not available for the Dynamic Materiality 'scoreType'.| |**AccessAndAffordability**|**Access and Affordability** - The category addresses a company's ability to ensure broad access to its products and services, specifically in the context of underserved markets and/or population groups. It includes the management of issues related to universal needs, such as the accessibility and affordability of health care, financial services, utilities , education, and telecommunications.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar** - Social </p><p>**Dimension** - Social Capital </p>| |**AirQuality**|**Air Quality** - The category addresses management of air quality impacts resulting from stationary (e.g., factories, power plants) and mobile sources (e.g., trucks, delivery vehicles, planes) as well as industrial emissions. Relevant airborne pollutants include, but are not limited to, oxides of nitrogen (NOx), oxides of sulfur (SOx), volatile organic compounds (VOCs), heavy metals, particulate matter, and chlorofluorocarbons. The category does not include GHG emissions, which are addressed in a separate category.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension </p><p>**Pillar** - Environmental</p><p>**Dimension** - Environment </p>| |**BusinessEthics**|**Business Ethics** - The category addresses the company's approach to managing risks and opportunities surrounding ethical conduct of business, including fraud, corruption, bribery and facilitation payments, fiduciary responsibilities, and other behavior that may have an ethical component. This includes sensitivity to business norms and standards as they shift over time, jurisdiction, and culture. It addresses the company's ability to provide services that satisfy the highest professional and ethical standards of the industry, which means to avoid conflicts of interest, misrepresentation, bias, and negligence through training employees adequately and implementing policies and procedures to ensure employees provide services free from bias and error.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**     - Governance </p><p>**Dimension**   - Leadership and Governance </p>| |**BusinessModelResilience**|**Business Model Resilience** - The category addresses an industry's capacity to manage risks and opportunities associated with incorporating social, environmental, and political transitions into long-term business model planning. This includes responsiveness to the transition to a low-carbon and climate-constrained economy, as well as growth and creation of new markets among unserved and underserved socioeconomic populations. The category highlights industries in which evolving environmental and social realities may challenge companies to fundamentally adapt or may put their business models at risk.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension </p><p>**Pillar**     - Governance </p><p>**Dimension**   - Leadership and Governance </p>| |**CompetitiveBehavior**|**Competitive Behavior** - The category covers social issues associated with existence of monopolies, which may include, but are not limited to, excessive prices, poor quality of service, and inefficiencies. It addresses a company's management of legal and social expectation around monopolistic and anti-competitive practices, including issues related to bargaining power, collusion, price fixing or manipulation, and protection of patents and intellectual property (IP).<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Governance </p><p>**Dimension**     - Leadership and Governance </p>| |**CriticalIncidentRiskManagement**|**Critical Incident Risk Management** - The category addresses the company's use of management systems and scenario planning to identify, understand, and prevent or minimize the occurrence of low-probability, high-impact accidents and emergencies with significant potential environmental and social externalities. It relates to the culture of safety at a company, its relevant safety management systems and technological controls, the potential human, environmental, and social implications of such events occurring, and the long-term effects to an organization, its workers, and society should these events occur.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Governance </p><p>**Dimension**     - Leadership and Governance </p>| |**CustomerPrivacy**|**Customer Privacy** - The category addresses management of risks related to the use of personally identifiable information (PII) and other customer or user data for secondary purposes including but not limited to marketing through affiliates and non-affiliates. The scope of the category includes social issues that may arise from a company's approach to collecting data, obtaining consent (e.g., opt-in policies), managing user and customer expectations regarding how their data is used, and managing evolving regulation. It excludes social issues arising from cybersecurity risks, which are covered in a separate category.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Social </p><p>**Dimension**     - Social Capital</p>| |**CustomerWelfare**|**Customer Welfare** - The category addresses customer welfare concerns over issues including, but not limited to, health and nutrition of foods and beverages, antibiotic use in animal production, and management of controlled substances. The category addresses the company's ability to provide consumers with manufactured products and services that are aligned with societal expectations. It does not include issues directly related to quality and safety malfunctions of manufactured products and services, but instead addresses qualities inherent to the design and delivery of products and services where customer welfare may be in question. The scope of the category also captures companies' ability to prevent counterfeit products.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Social </p><p>**Dimension**     - Social Capital </p>| |**DataSecurity**|**Data Security** - The category addresses management of risks related to collection, retention, and use of sensitive, confidential, and/or proprietary customer or user data. It includes social issues that may arise from incidents such as data breaches in which personally identifiable information (PII) and other user or customer data may be exposed. It addresses a company's strategy, policies, and practices related to IT infrastructure, staff training, record keeping, cooperation with law enforcement, and other mechanisms used to ensure security of customer or user data.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Social</p><p>**Dimension**     - Social Capital </p>| |**EcologicalImpacts**|**Ecological Impacts** - The category addresses management of the company's impacts on ecosystems and biodiversity through activities including, but not limited to, land use for exploration, natural resource extraction, and cultivation, as well as project development, construction, and siting. The impacts include, but are not limited to, biodiversity loss, habitat destruction, and deforestation at all stages – planning, land acquisition, permitting, development, operations, and site remediation. The category does not cover impacts of climate change on ecosystems and biodiversity.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Environmental </p><p>**Dimension**     - Environment </p>| |**EmployeeEngagementDiversityAndInclusion**|**Employee Engagement Diversity and Inclusion** - The category addresses a company's ability to ensure that its culture and hiring and promotion practices embrace the building of a diverse and inclusive workforce that reflects the makeup of local talent pools and its customer base. It addresses the issues of discriminatory practices on the bases of race, gender, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, and other factors.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar** - Social</p><p>**Dimension**- Human Capital</p>| |**EmployeeHealthAndSafety**|**Employee Health and Safety** - The category addresses a company's ability to create and maintain a safe and healthy workplace environment that is free of injuries, fatalities, and illness (both chronic and acute). It is traditionally accomplished through implementing safety management plans, developing training requirements for employees and contractors, and conducting regular audits of their own practices as well as those of their subcontractors. The category further captures how companies ensure physical and mental health of workforce through technology, training, corporate culture, regulatory compliance, monitoring and testing, and personal protective equipment.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Social</p><p>**Dimension**     - Human Capital </p>| |**EnergyManagement**|**Energy Management** - The category addresses environmental impacts associated with energy consumption. It addresses the company's management of energy in manufacturing and/or for provision of products and services derived from utility providers (grid energy) not owned or controlled by the company. More specifically, it includes management of energy efficiency and intensity, energy mix, as well as grid reliance. Upstream (e.g., suppliers) and downstream (e.g., product use) energy use is not included in the scope.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Environmental </p><p>**Dimension**     - Environment </p>| |**GHGEmissions**|**Greenhouse Gas Emissions** - The category addresses direct (Scope 1) greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions that a company generates through its operations. This includes GHG emissions from stationary (e.g., factories, power plants) and mobile sources (e.g., trucks, delivery vehicles, planes), whether a result of combustion of fuel or non-combusted direct releases during activities such as natural resource extraction, power generation, land use, or biogenic processes. The category further includes management of regulatory risks, environmental compliance, and reputational risks and opportunities, as they related to direct GHG emissions. The seven GHGs covered under the Kyoto Protocol are included within the category— carbon dioxide (CO2 ), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs), sulfur hexafluoride (SF6), and nitrogen trifluoride (NF3).<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Environmental </p><p>**Dimension**     - Environment </p>| |**HumanRightsAndCommunityRelations**|**Human Rights and Community Relations** - The category addresses management of the relationship between businesses and the communities in which they operate, including, but not limited to, management of direct and indirect impacts on core human rights and the treatment of indigenous peoples. More specifically, such management may cover socio-economic community impacts, community engagement, environmental justice, cultivation of local workforces, impact on local businesses, license to operate, and environmental/social impact assessments. The category does not include environmental impacts such as air pollution or waste which, although they may impact the health and safety of members of local communities, are addressed in separate categories.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Social</p><p>**Dimension**     - Human Capital </p>| |**LaborPractices**|**Labor Practices** - The category addresses the company's ability to uphold commonly accepted labor standards in the workplace, including compliance with labor laws and internationally accepted norms and standards. This includes, but is not limited to, ensuring basic human rights related to child labor, forced or bonded labor, exploitative labor, fair wages and overtime pay, and other basic workers' rights. It also includes minimum wage policies and provision of benefits, which may influence how a workforce is attracted, retained, and motivated. The category further addresses a company's relationship with organized labor and freedom of association.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Social</p><p>**Dimension**     - Human Capital</p>| |**ManagementOfTheLegalAndRegulatoryEnvironment**|**Management of the Legal and Regulatory Environment** - The category addresses a company's approach to engaging with regulators in cases where conflicting corporate and public interests may have the potential for long-term adverse direct or indirect environmental and social impacts. The category addresses a company's level of reliance upon regulatory policy or monetary incentives (such as subsidies and taxes), actions to influence industry policy (such as through lobbying), overall reliance on a favorable regulatory environment for business competitiveness, and ability to comply with relevant regulations. It may relate to the alignment of management and investor views of regulatory engagement and compliance at large.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Governance </p><p>**Dimension**     - Leadership and Governance</p>| |**MaterialSourcingAndEfficiency**|**Materials Sourcing and Efficiency** - The category addresses issues related to the resilience of materials supply chains to impacts of climate change and other external environmental and social factors. It captures the impacts of such external factors on operational activity of suppliers, which can further affect availability and pricing of key resources. It addresses a company's ability to manage these risks through product design, manufacturing, and end-of-life management, such as by using of recycled and renewable materials, reducing the use of key materials (dematerialization), maximizing resource efficiency in manufacturing, and making R&D investments in substitute materials. Additionally, companies can manage these issues by screening, selection, monitoring, and engagement with suppliers to ensure their resilience to external risks. It does not address issues associated with environmental and social externalities created by operational activity of individual suppliers, which is covered in a separate category.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Environmental </p><p>**Dimension**     - Business Model and Innovation </p>| |**PhysicalImpactsOfClimateChange**|**Physical Impacts of Climate Change** - The category addresses the company's ability to manage risks and opportunities associated with direct exposure of its owned or controlled assets and operations to actual or potential physical impacts of climate change. It captures environmental and social issues that may arise from operational disruptions due to physical impacts of climate change. It further captures socioeconomic issues resulting from companies failing to incorporate climate change consideration in products and services sold, such as insurance policies and mortgages. The category relates to the company's ability to adapt to increased frequency and severity of extreme weather, shifting climate, sea level risk, and other expected physical impacts of climate change. Management may involve enhancing resiliency of physical assets and/or surrounding infrastructure as well as incorporation of climate change-related considerations into key business activities (e.g., mortgage and insurance underwriting, planning and development of real estate projects).<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Environmental </p><p>**Dimension**     - Business Model and Innovation </p>| |**ProductDesignAndLifecycleManagement**|**Product Design and Lifecycle Management** - The category addresses incorporation of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) considerations in characteristics of products and services provided or sold by the company. It includes, but is not limited to, managing the lifecycle impacts of products and services, such as those related to packaging, distribution, use-phase resource intensity, and other environmental and social externalities that may occur during their use-phase or at the end of life. The category captures a company's ability to address customer and societal demand for more sustainable products and services as well as to meet evolving environmental and social regulation. It does not address direct environmental or social impacts of the company's operations nor does it address health and safety risks to consumers from product use, which are covered in other categories.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Environmental </p><p>**Dimension**     - Business Model and Innovation </p>| |**ProductQualityAndSafety**|**Product Quality and Safety** - The category addresses issues involving unintended characteristics of products sold or services provided that may create health or safety risks to end-users. It addresses a company's ability to offer manufactured products and/or services that meet customer expectations with respect to their health and safety characteristics. It includes, but is not limited to, issues involving liability, management of recalls and market withdrawals, product testing, and chemicals/content/ ingredient management in products.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Social</p><p>**Dimension**     - Social Capital </p>| |**SellingPracticesAndProductLabeling**|**Selling Practices and Product Labeling** - The category addresses social issues that may arise from a failure to manage the transparency, accuracy, and comprehensibility of marketing statements, advertising, and labeling of products and services. It includes, but is not limited to, advertising standards and regulations, ethical and responsible marketing practices, misleading or deceptive labeling, as well as discriminatory or predatory selling and lending practices. This may include deceptive or aggressive selling practices in which incentive structures for employees could encourage the sale of products or services that are not in the best interest of customers or clients.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Social</p><p>**Dimension**     - Social Capital</p>| |**SupplyChainManagement**|**Supply Chain Management** - The category addresses management of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) risks within a company's supply chain. It addresses issues associated with environmental and social externalities created by suppliers through their operational activities. Such issues include, but are not limited to, environmental responsibility, human rights, labor practices, and ethics and corruption. Management may involve screening, selection, monitoring, and engagement with suppliers on their environmental and social impacts. The category does not address the impacts of external factors – such as climate change and other environmental and social factors – on suppliers' operations and/or on the availability and pricing of key resources, which is covered in a separate category.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Governance</p><p>**Dimension**     - Business Model and Innovation </p>| |**SystemicRiskManagement**|**Systemic Risk Management** - The category addresses the company's contributions to, or management of systemic risks resulting from large-scale weakening or collapse of systems upon which the economy and society depend. This includes financial systems, natural resource systems, and technological systems. It addresses the mechanisms a company has in place to reduce its contributions to systemic risks and to improve safeguards that may mitigate the impacts of systemic failure. For financial institutions, the category also captures the company's ability to absorb shocks arising from financial and economic stress and meet stricter regulatory requirements related to the complexity and interconnectedness of companies in the industry.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Governance</p><p>**Dimension**     - Leadership and Governance </p>| |**WasteAndHazardousMaterialsManagement**|**Waste and Hazardous Materials Management** - The category addresses environmental issues associated with hazardous and non-hazardous waste generated by companies. It addresses a company's management of solid wastes in manufacturing, agriculture, and other industrial processes. It covers treatment, handling, storage, disposal, and regulatory compliance. The category does not cover emissions to air or wastewater, nor does it cover waste from end-of-life of products, which are addressed in separate categories.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Environmental</p><p>**Dimension**     - Environment</p>| |**WaterAndWastewaterManagement**|**Water and Wastewater Management** - The category addresses a company's water use, water consumption, wastewater generation, and other impacts of operations on water resources, which may be influenced by regional differences in the availability and quality of and competition for water resources. More specifically, it addresses management strategies including, but not limited to, water efficiency, intensity, and recycling. Lastly, the category also addresses management of wastewater treatment and discharge, including groundwater and aquifer pollution.<p>The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension</p><p>**Pillar**         - Environmental </p><p>**Dimension**     - Environment </p>| 
  'primaryOnly': true, // Boolean | This parameter would return only primary Spotlights when set to `true`    
  'isRemoved': false // Boolean | This parameter would return the Spotlights removed in the response(i.e. Spotlight is marked as Rejected but has a firstApprovedOnDate))when set to `true` Only Spotlights that are marked as approved will be returned when set to `false` 
};

// Call api endpoint
apiInstance.getTvlSpotlights(ids, startDate, endDate, opts).then(
  data => {

    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data:');
    console.log(data);
  },
  error => {
    console.error(error);
  },
);

```


### Parameters


Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **ids** | [**[String]**](String.md)| Security or Entity identifiers. FactSet Identifiers, tickers, CUSIP and SEDOL are accepted input. &lt;p&gt;***ids limit** &#x3D;  1500 per request*&lt;/p&gt; *&lt;p&gt;Make note, GET Method URL request lines are also limited to a total  length of 8192 bytes (8KB). In cases where the service allows for thousands of ids, which may lead to exceeding this request line limit of 8KB, its advised for any requests with large request lines to be requested through the respective \&quot;POST\&quot; method.&lt;/p&gt;*  | 
 **startDate** | **Date**| The start date requested for a given date range in YYYY-MM-DD format. The input start date must be before the input end date. Future dates (T+1) are not accepted in this endpoint.  | 
 **endDate** | **Date**| The end date requested for a given date range in YYYY-MM-DD format. The input end date must be after the input start date. Future dates (T+1) are not accepted in this endpoint.  | 
 **fields** | [**[String]**](String.md)| Request available SASB Spotlights data fields to be included in the response.  Default is all fields. &#x60;factsetEntityId&#x60;, &#x60;tvSpotlightId&#x60;, &#x60;tvGroupId&#x60; and &#x60;requestId&#x60; are always included.    &lt;h3&gt;Common Fields&lt;/h3&gt;    |field|description|   |---|---|   |factsetEntityId |Factset Regional Security Identifier|   |tvSpotlightId|Unique identifier identifying a Spotlight ESG event that is detected at the company level, within a single category.|   |tvGroupId|Unique identifier  identifying a Spotlight group using the Spotlight ID of the Primary Spotlight.|   |requestId|Identifier that was used for the request.|     &lt;h3&gt;SASB Spotlights Fields&lt;/h3&gt;     |field|description|   |---|---|   |tvOrgName|The current name of the organization (not point-in-time)|   |primarySpotlight|Y/N value indicating the primary Spotlight in a Spotlight Group.|   |spotlightCategory|SASB category tagged to each Spotlight.|   |spotlightPillar|Indicates the Pillars - Environmental, Social, Governance of the Spotlight topic based on the SASB category framework.|   |spotlightDimension|Indicates the Dimensions - Environment, Business Model and Innovation, Human Capital, Leadership and Governance, and Social Capital of the Spotlight topic based on the SASB category framework.|   |status|Indicates status of a Spotlight, which can be one of Completed or Ongoing.|   |removed|Displays the date a Spotlight was removed from the dataset, if it has been removed.|   |startDate|Date when a Spotlight has met the volume threshold for Spotlight consideration. Score and Volume change metadata are associated with this date.|   |liveDate|Date when a Spotlight meets confidence threshold and is considered a Spotlight. This date should never precede start date.|   |firstArticleDate|Date of earliest article in the Spotlight as of the Start Date.|   |finalArticleDate|Date of final article in the Spotlight. This value can change over the course of the Spotlight until the Spotlight is marked as Completed.|   |organizationVolumeThreshold|The article volume needed to create a Spotlight, as set by the company&#39;s overall volume level classification on the Start Date.|   |totalSpotlightVolume|Total number of articles in the Spotlight. This number will change until the Spotlight is marked as Completed.|   |startDateVolume|Number of articles in the Spotlight on the Start Date when it met the volume threshold. Does not include the number of articles that were added to the Spotlight after the Spotlight Start Date.|   |primaryArticleSource|Source of the primary article.|   |primaryArticleUrl|URL of the primary article.|   |primaryArticleHeadline|Headline of primary Spotlight article.|   |primaryArticleBulletpoints|Bullet points summarizing the primary article.|   |meanArtScoreFinalDate|Average score of articles in Spotlight on Final Article Date. This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as Completed.|   |meanArtScoreStartDate|Average score of articles in Spotlight on Start Date. This score will not change throughout the history of the Spotlight.|   |meanPulseScore|Average of Pulse scores for each day from First Article Date to Final Article Date, including scores for both Start Date and Final Article Date.|   |pulseBeforeFirstArticle|Pulse score for category at end-of-day on day before the First Article Date.|   |pulseOnFinalArticleDate|Pulse score for category at the end-of-day on the Final Article Date.|   |pulseOnStartDate|Pulse score for the category at the end-of-day on the Start Date.|   |zScoreOnFinalDate|Z-score for Spotlight as of Final Article Date. This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as Completed.|   |zScoreOnStartDate|Z-score for Spotlight as of Start Date. This score will not change throughout the history of the Spotlight.|   |standoutLvlOnFinalDate|Describes if the Spotlight is a High, Medium, or Low standout Spotlight.  This score will continue to change until the Spotlight is marked as Completed.|   |standoutLvlOnStartDate|Describes if the Spotlight is a High, Medium, or Low standout Spotlight.|   |primaryArticleSourceLang|Original language of the primary article as ISO 639 two letter code.|  | [optional] 
 **categories** | [**[String]**](String.md)| The SASB Categories requested for the respective scoreType(s). The default value is **&#x60;ALLCATEGORIES&#x60;**, which represents all 26 categories in a single overall score. To request a specifc category or list of categories, simply input the category names below.   ### SASB Categories |**SASB Category Inputs**|**Description**| |---|---| |**AllCategories**|**AllCategories** - This category represents a company&#39;s overall SASB Score for the specific &#39;scoreType&#39;. This value is equal to the cumulative average of all 26 SASB categories for the specific &#39;scoreType&#39;. **Note** - AllCategories is not available for the Dynamic Materiality &#39;scoreType&#39;.| |**AccessAndAffordability**|**Access and Affordability** - The category addresses a company&#39;s ability to ensure broad access to its products and services, specifically in the context of underserved markets and/or population groups. It includes the management of issues related to universal needs, such as the accessibility and affordability of health care, financial services, utilities , education, and telecommunications.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar** - Social &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension** - Social Capital &lt;/p&gt;| |**AirQuality**|**Air Quality** - The category addresses management of air quality impacts resulting from stationary (e.g., factories, power plants) and mobile sources (e.g., trucks, delivery vehicles, planes) as well as industrial emissions. Relevant airborne pollutants include, but are not limited to, oxides of nitrogen (NOx), oxides of sulfur (SOx), volatile organic compounds (VOCs), heavy metals, particulate matter, and chlorofluorocarbons. The category does not include GHG emissions, which are addressed in a separate category.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar** - Environmental&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension** - Environment &lt;/p&gt;| |**BusinessEthics**|**Business Ethics** - The category addresses the company&#39;s approach to managing risks and opportunities surrounding ethical conduct of business, including fraud, corruption, bribery and facilitation payments, fiduciary responsibilities, and other behavior that may have an ethical component. This includes sensitivity to business norms and standards as they shift over time, jurisdiction, and culture. It addresses the company&#39;s ability to provide services that satisfy the highest professional and ethical standards of the industry, which means to avoid conflicts of interest, misrepresentation, bias, and negligence through training employees adequately and implementing policies and procedures to ensure employees provide services free from bias and error.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**     - Governance &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**   - Leadership and Governance &lt;/p&gt;| |**BusinessModelResilience**|**Business Model Resilience** - The category addresses an industry&#39;s capacity to manage risks and opportunities associated with incorporating social, environmental, and political transitions into long-term business model planning. This includes responsiveness to the transition to a low-carbon and climate-constrained economy, as well as growth and creation of new markets among unserved and underserved socioeconomic populations. The category highlights industries in which evolving environmental and social realities may challenge companies to fundamentally adapt or may put their business models at risk.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**     - Governance &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**   - Leadership and Governance &lt;/p&gt;| |**CompetitiveBehavior**|**Competitive Behavior** - The category covers social issues associated with existence of monopolies, which may include, but are not limited to, excessive prices, poor quality of service, and inefficiencies. It addresses a company&#39;s management of legal and social expectation around monopolistic and anti-competitive practices, including issues related to bargaining power, collusion, price fixing or manipulation, and protection of patents and intellectual property (IP).&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Governance &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Leadership and Governance &lt;/p&gt;| |**CriticalIncidentRiskManagement**|**Critical Incident Risk Management** - The category addresses the company&#39;s use of management systems and scenario planning to identify, understand, and prevent or minimize the occurrence of low-probability, high-impact accidents and emergencies with significant potential environmental and social externalities. It relates to the culture of safety at a company, its relevant safety management systems and technological controls, the potential human, environmental, and social implications of such events occurring, and the long-term effects to an organization, its workers, and society should these events occur.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Governance &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Leadership and Governance &lt;/p&gt;| |**CustomerPrivacy**|**Customer Privacy** - The category addresses management of risks related to the use of personally identifiable information (PII) and other customer or user data for secondary purposes including but not limited to marketing through affiliates and non-affiliates. The scope of the category includes social issues that may arise from a company&#39;s approach to collecting data, obtaining consent (e.g., opt-in policies), managing user and customer expectations regarding how their data is used, and managing evolving regulation. It excludes social issues arising from cybersecurity risks, which are covered in a separate category.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Social &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Social Capital&lt;/p&gt;| |**CustomerWelfare**|**Customer Welfare** - The category addresses customer welfare concerns over issues including, but not limited to, health and nutrition of foods and beverages, antibiotic use in animal production, and management of controlled substances. The category addresses the company&#39;s ability to provide consumers with manufactured products and services that are aligned with societal expectations. It does not include issues directly related to quality and safety malfunctions of manufactured products and services, but instead addresses qualities inherent to the design and delivery of products and services where customer welfare may be in question. The scope of the category also captures companies&#39; ability to prevent counterfeit products.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Social &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Social Capital &lt;/p&gt;| |**DataSecurity**|**Data Security** - The category addresses management of risks related to collection, retention, and use of sensitive, confidential, and/or proprietary customer or user data. It includes social issues that may arise from incidents such as data breaches in which personally identifiable information (PII) and other user or customer data may be exposed. It addresses a company&#39;s strategy, policies, and practices related to IT infrastructure, staff training, record keeping, cooperation with law enforcement, and other mechanisms used to ensure security of customer or user data.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Social&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Social Capital &lt;/p&gt;| |**EcologicalImpacts**|**Ecological Impacts** - The category addresses management of the company&#39;s impacts on ecosystems and biodiversity through activities including, but not limited to, land use for exploration, natural resource extraction, and cultivation, as well as project development, construction, and siting. The impacts include, but are not limited to, biodiversity loss, habitat destruction, and deforestation at all stages – planning, land acquisition, permitting, development, operations, and site remediation. The category does not cover impacts of climate change on ecosystems and biodiversity.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Environmental &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Environment &lt;/p&gt;| |**EmployeeEngagementDiversityAndInclusion**|**Employee Engagement Diversity and Inclusion** - The category addresses a company&#39;s ability to ensure that its culture and hiring and promotion practices embrace the building of a diverse and inclusive workforce that reflects the makeup of local talent pools and its customer base. It addresses the issues of discriminatory practices on the bases of race, gender, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, and other factors.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar** - Social&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**- Human Capital&lt;/p&gt;| |**EmployeeHealthAndSafety**|**Employee Health and Safety** - The category addresses a company&#39;s ability to create and maintain a safe and healthy workplace environment that is free of injuries, fatalities, and illness (both chronic and acute). It is traditionally accomplished through implementing safety management plans, developing training requirements for employees and contractors, and conducting regular audits of their own practices as well as those of their subcontractors. The category further captures how companies ensure physical and mental health of workforce through technology, training, corporate culture, regulatory compliance, monitoring and testing, and personal protective equipment.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Social&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Human Capital &lt;/p&gt;| |**EnergyManagement**|**Energy Management** - The category addresses environmental impacts associated with energy consumption. It addresses the company&#39;s management of energy in manufacturing and/or for provision of products and services derived from utility providers (grid energy) not owned or controlled by the company. More specifically, it includes management of energy efficiency and intensity, energy mix, as well as grid reliance. Upstream (e.g., suppliers) and downstream (e.g., product use) energy use is not included in the scope.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Environmental &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Environment &lt;/p&gt;| |**GHGEmissions**|**Greenhouse Gas Emissions** - The category addresses direct (Scope 1) greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions that a company generates through its operations. This includes GHG emissions from stationary (e.g., factories, power plants) and mobile sources (e.g., trucks, delivery vehicles, planes), whether a result of combustion of fuel or non-combusted direct releases during activities such as natural resource extraction, power generation, land use, or biogenic processes. The category further includes management of regulatory risks, environmental compliance, and reputational risks and opportunities, as they related to direct GHG emissions. The seven GHGs covered under the Kyoto Protocol are included within the category— carbon dioxide (CO2 ), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs), sulfur hexafluoride (SF6), and nitrogen trifluoride (NF3).&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Environmental &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Environment &lt;/p&gt;| |**HumanRightsAndCommunityRelations**|**Human Rights and Community Relations** - The category addresses management of the relationship between businesses and the communities in which they operate, including, but not limited to, management of direct and indirect impacts on core human rights and the treatment of indigenous peoples. More specifically, such management may cover socio-economic community impacts, community engagement, environmental justice, cultivation of local workforces, impact on local businesses, license to operate, and environmental/social impact assessments. The category does not include environmental impacts such as air pollution or waste which, although they may impact the health and safety of members of local communities, are addressed in separate categories.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Social&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Human Capital &lt;/p&gt;| |**LaborPractices**|**Labor Practices** - The category addresses the company&#39;s ability to uphold commonly accepted labor standards in the workplace, including compliance with labor laws and internationally accepted norms and standards. This includes, but is not limited to, ensuring basic human rights related to child labor, forced or bonded labor, exploitative labor, fair wages and overtime pay, and other basic workers&#39; rights. It also includes minimum wage policies and provision of benefits, which may influence how a workforce is attracted, retained, and motivated. The category further addresses a company&#39;s relationship with organized labor and freedom of association.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Social&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Human Capital&lt;/p&gt;| |**ManagementOfTheLegalAndRegulatoryEnvironment**|**Management of the Legal and Regulatory Environment** - The category addresses a company&#39;s approach to engaging with regulators in cases where conflicting corporate and public interests may have the potential for long-term adverse direct or indirect environmental and social impacts. The category addresses a company&#39;s level of reliance upon regulatory policy or monetary incentives (such as subsidies and taxes), actions to influence industry policy (such as through lobbying), overall reliance on a favorable regulatory environment for business competitiveness, and ability to comply with relevant regulations. It may relate to the alignment of management and investor views of regulatory engagement and compliance at large.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Governance &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Leadership and Governance&lt;/p&gt;| |**MaterialSourcingAndEfficiency**|**Materials Sourcing and Efficiency** - The category addresses issues related to the resilience of materials supply chains to impacts of climate change and other external environmental and social factors. It captures the impacts of such external factors on operational activity of suppliers, which can further affect availability and pricing of key resources. It addresses a company&#39;s ability to manage these risks through product design, manufacturing, and end-of-life management, such as by using of recycled and renewable materials, reducing the use of key materials (dematerialization), maximizing resource efficiency in manufacturing, and making R&amp;D investments in substitute materials. Additionally, companies can manage these issues by screening, selection, monitoring, and engagement with suppliers to ensure their resilience to external risks. It does not address issues associated with environmental and social externalities created by operational activity of individual suppliers, which is covered in a separate category.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Environmental &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Business Model and Innovation &lt;/p&gt;| |**PhysicalImpactsOfClimateChange**|**Physical Impacts of Climate Change** - The category addresses the company&#39;s ability to manage risks and opportunities associated with direct exposure of its owned or controlled assets and operations to actual or potential physical impacts of climate change. It captures environmental and social issues that may arise from operational disruptions due to physical impacts of climate change. It further captures socioeconomic issues resulting from companies failing to incorporate climate change consideration in products and services sold, such as insurance policies and mortgages. The category relates to the company&#39;s ability to adapt to increased frequency and severity of extreme weather, shifting climate, sea level risk, and other expected physical impacts of climate change. Management may involve enhancing resiliency of physical assets and/or surrounding infrastructure as well as incorporation of climate change-related considerations into key business activities (e.g., mortgage and insurance underwriting, planning and development of real estate projects).&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Environmental &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Business Model and Innovation &lt;/p&gt;| |**ProductDesignAndLifecycleManagement**|**Product Design and Lifecycle Management** - The category addresses incorporation of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) considerations in characteristics of products and services provided or sold by the company. It includes, but is not limited to, managing the lifecycle impacts of products and services, such as those related to packaging, distribution, use-phase resource intensity, and other environmental and social externalities that may occur during their use-phase or at the end of life. The category captures a company&#39;s ability to address customer and societal demand for more sustainable products and services as well as to meet evolving environmental and social regulation. It does not address direct environmental or social impacts of the company&#39;s operations nor does it address health and safety risks to consumers from product use, which are covered in other categories.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Environmental &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Business Model and Innovation &lt;/p&gt;| |**ProductQualityAndSafety**|**Product Quality and Safety** - The category addresses issues involving unintended characteristics of products sold or services provided that may create health or safety risks to end-users. It addresses a company&#39;s ability to offer manufactured products and/or services that meet customer expectations with respect to their health and safety characteristics. It includes, but is not limited to, issues involving liability, management of recalls and market withdrawals, product testing, and chemicals/content/ ingredient management in products.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Social&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Social Capital &lt;/p&gt;| |**SellingPracticesAndProductLabeling**|**Selling Practices and Product Labeling** - The category addresses social issues that may arise from a failure to manage the transparency, accuracy, and comprehensibility of marketing statements, advertising, and labeling of products and services. It includes, but is not limited to, advertising standards and regulations, ethical and responsible marketing practices, misleading or deceptive labeling, as well as discriminatory or predatory selling and lending practices. This may include deceptive or aggressive selling practices in which incentive structures for employees could encourage the sale of products or services that are not in the best interest of customers or clients.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Social&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Social Capital&lt;/p&gt;| |**SupplyChainManagement**|**Supply Chain Management** - The category addresses management of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) risks within a company&#39;s supply chain. It addresses issues associated with environmental and social externalities created by suppliers through their operational activities. Such issues include, but are not limited to, environmental responsibility, human rights, labor practices, and ethics and corruption. Management may involve screening, selection, monitoring, and engagement with suppliers on their environmental and social impacts. The category does not address the impacts of external factors – such as climate change and other environmental and social factors – on suppliers&#39; operations and/or on the availability and pricing of key resources, which is covered in a separate category.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Governance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Business Model and Innovation &lt;/p&gt;| |**SystemicRiskManagement**|**Systemic Risk Management** - The category addresses the company&#39;s contributions to, or management of systemic risks resulting from large-scale weakening or collapse of systems upon which the economy and society depend. This includes financial systems, natural resource systems, and technological systems. It addresses the mechanisms a company has in place to reduce its contributions to systemic risks and to improve safeguards that may mitigate the impacts of systemic failure. For financial institutions, the category also captures the company&#39;s ability to absorb shocks arising from financial and economic stress and meet stricter regulatory requirements related to the complexity and interconnectedness of companies in the industry.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Governance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Leadership and Governance &lt;/p&gt;| |**WasteAndHazardousMaterialsManagement**|**Waste and Hazardous Materials Management** - The category addresses environmental issues associated with hazardous and non-hazardous waste generated by companies. It addresses a company&#39;s management of solid wastes in manufacturing, agriculture, and other industrial processes. It covers treatment, handling, storage, disposal, and regulatory compliance. The category does not cover emissions to air or wastewater, nor does it cover waste from end-of-life of products, which are addressed in separate categories.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Environmental&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Environment&lt;/p&gt;| |**WaterAndWastewaterManagement**|**Water and Wastewater Management** - The category addresses a company&#39;s water use, water consumption, wastewater generation, and other impacts of operations on water resources, which may be influenced by regional differences in the availability and quality of and competition for water resources. More specifically, it addresses management strategies including, but not limited to, water efficiency, intensity, and recycling. Lastly, the category also addresses management of wastewater treatment and discharge, including groundwater and aquifer pollution.&lt;p&gt;The category falls under the following Pillar and Dimension&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Pillar**         - Environmental &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;**Dimension**     - Environment &lt;/p&gt;|  | [optional] 
 **primaryOnly** | **Boolean**| This parameter would return only primary Spotlights when set to &#x60;true&#x60;     | [optional] [default to true]
 **isRemoved** | **Boolean**| This parameter would return the Spotlights removed in the response(i.e. Spotlight is marked as Rejected but has a firstApprovedOnDate))when set to &#x60;true&#x60; Only Spotlights that are marked as approved will be returned when set to &#x60;false&#x60;  | [optional] [default to false]

### Return type

[**SpotlightsResponse**](SpotlightsResponse.md)

### Authorization

[FactSetApiKey](../README.md#FactSetApiKey), [FactSetOAuth2](../README.md#FactSetOAuth2)

### HTTP request headers

- **Content-Type**: Not defined
- **Accept**: application/json

