# FactSet.SDK.SecuritizedDerivativesAPIforDigitalPortals.Model.PostSecuritizedDerivativeNotationScreenerSearchDataSingleBarriersItems
A list of objects. For semantical context see the description of the parent array.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Type** | **string** | The type of the barrier. See endpoint &#x60;/securitized-derivative/barrier/type/list&#x60; for additional information. Note that not all barrier types listed in the mentioned endpoint can be used as a parameter. | Value | Description | | - -- | - -- | | strike | Represents the underlying level that needs to be reached in order for the securitized derivative to yield a profit; particularly relevant for reverse convertible bonds, sprint/outperformance certificates, capital-protection certificates, warrants and knock-out certificates. | | bonusLevel | Represents the underlying level considered for repayment if the knock-in barrier is intact; particularly relevant for bonus certificates. | | cap | Represents the maximum underlying level considered for repayment; particularly relevant for discount certificates, bonus certificates, and capital-protection certificates. | | knockOut | Represents the underlying level where a securitized derivative is terminated and becomes (nearly) worthless; particularly relevant for knock-out certificates. | | knockIn | Represents the underling level at which a certain product feature (such as a bonus payment) is lost; particularly relevant for bonus certificates but also for securitized derivatives that might have additional protection such as reverse convertible bonds, discount certificates, and capital-protection certificates. | | lockOut | Represents the underlying level at which the securitized derivative is terminated yielding a predefined amount; particularly relevant for capital-protection certificates and express certificates but currently not supported for the latter. | | lockIn | Represents the underlying level at which a certain repayment at maturity is ensured; particularly relevant for capital-protection certificates and express certificates but currently not supported for the latter. | | capitalGuarantee | Represents the underlying level corresponding to a guranteed repayment; particularly relevant for capital-protection certificates. | | couponTriggerLevel | Represents the underlying level at which a partial payment (such as a conditional coupon) is lost; particularly relevant for capital-protection certificates and express certificates but currently not supported for the latter. |   | [optional] 
**Observation** | [**PostSecuritizedDerivativeNotationScreenerSearchDataSingleBarriersItemsObservation**](PostSecuritizedDerivativeNotationScreenerSearchDataSingleBarriersItemsObservation.md) |  | [optional] 
**Level** | [**PostSecuritizedDerivativeNotationScreenerSearchDataSingleBarriersItemsLevel**](PostSecuritizedDerivativeNotationScreenerSearchDataSingleBarriersItemsLevel.md) |  | [optional] 
**Distance** | [**PostSecuritizedDerivativeNotationScreenerSearchDataSingleBarriersItemsDistance**](PostSecuritizedDerivativeNotationScreenerSearchDataSingleBarriersItemsDistance.md) |  | [optional] 
**Breach** | [**PostSecuritizedDerivativeNotationScreenerValueRangesGetDataSingleBarriersItemsBreach**](PostSecuritizedDerivativeNotationScreenerValueRangesGetDataSingleBarriersItemsBreach.md) |  | [optional] 
**CashFlow** | [**PostSecuritizedDerivativeNotationScreenerSearchDataSingleBarriersItemsCashFlow**](PostSecuritizedDerivativeNotationScreenerSearchDataSingleBarriersItemsCashFlow.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

